{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SnellRoundhand;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14260\viewh15320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The Fchifm of the Elvef\ulnone \
\
Thif if a ffactual account of the fcifming of the elvef, and the creation of the three dominant ffactionf that make up the Elvish Kingdoms today.\
\
It if widely accepted that the ffirft elvef were travellers, refugeef from an unknown world. Ffome ffermife that they are even ffrom a plane different ffrom the Material Plane we call home. Thif would explain why there are no tracef of their race before their \'91Awakening\'92 at Cuivi\'e9nen. They fettled there, dividing into claffef bafed on ability - a ruling claff and a working claff. Oddly, thif arrangement itfelf did not appear to cause strife or concern to the elvifh peoplef, as moft were accepting of their defignated role. \
\
The Elvef fpred acroff the Realm as moft racef are wont to do, feeking additional refourcef, land, and comoditief with which to barter. Thif is when they became known to us as expert negotiatorf and fierce warriorf. It if alfo the caufe of their perfistent emnity towardf the dwarfifh peoplef. \
\
Alaf, tragedy befell the Eldar, af they were then known. A number of their brethren, appeared diftant and drew away from the remaining colonief, refufing all attemptf to bring them back into the fold. They began to live far away from the preferred woodlandf of their kin, deep in the ground in cavernf and holef, carving out great underground citief where they could become more entrenched. Their brethren came to refer to them as the Noldor - Deep Elvef.\
\
The reafon for their feceffion became apparent at the dawn of the Aragornian Empire. Rifing from the deep into the foreft of Fhadefpire, the Noldor affaulted their brethren, feeking to deftabilife the region and drive their own brotherf and fifterf into exile. At their head were a legion of driderf, favage half-elf half-fpiderf, who led the Noldor into battle. Refearch into the driderf\'92\'92 originf revealed that they were created by the evil goddeff Lolth herfelf. It appearf that Lolth\'92s intereft in the furface-elves - the Vanyar - was fimply muderouf. Perhapf fhe was jealouf of their fuperior weaponf or their loving culture, or perhapf fhe fimply found their existence difgufting - no-one haf ever managed to ask! - but a wedge waf driven through the lives of the Vanyar. \
\
The High Elvef, as they are now known, moved away from the forests, for fafety was their claim. The Wood Elvef flatly refufed to leave, preferring inftead to defend their homef to the death from the invading Noldor, whofe liberal use of monstrofitief fuch as driderf led to their being colloquially dubbed \'91Drow\'92, which means \'91Deep Dweller\'92 in elvifh; a corruption of the meaning of Noldor, which traditionally referf to the knowledge an elf carrief.\
\
Af quickly af they came, suddenly the Drow withdrew, leaving carnage and deftruction on the furface. There have been three further incurfionf upon the surface world, each time driven by Lolth or one of her agentf. It is pofited that the Underdark, dwelling-place of the Drow, routinely producef terrifying monsterf that make the great fubterranean citief uninhabitable.\
\
The fcifm however remains, the Wood Elvef blaming the High Cohortf for the extent of the damage that waf fuffered during the firft invafion; the High Elvef blaming the Wood Elvef for fplitting their forcef and denigrating their ability to counter-attack. The rift has healed fomewhat over time, and great ftrides were made with the election of a fole ruler, Tessarion the Just, but levelf of miftruft between the High and Wood elvef remain. }