{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mercia Keep - dwarves. Hill Dwarves. Don\'92t like strangers. Scottish accents. Master craftsmen. Will trade/create things for the PCs if they ask. Keep is low but stoutly built, entire island seems to exist only to hold the keep. Moneylenders - island is affluent, lots of expertly cut marble slabs with gold inlay. Blackpowder weapons.\
\
Modron temple - modrons. Busily building something. Will not interact with PCs unless attacked or distracted from their work. Temple is (at least) 5 layers. Gap in the top allows vision into the centre - can see a giant mech inside, constructed from brass and copper. If PCs prevent modrons from working they are attacked by pentadrones or similar to drive them off, only to release the morons from work. PCs cannot enter temple, they are attacked on sight if so. \
\
Shadespire - elven stronghold/capital. Where Elven leader Tassarion Dawnsea sits. Where Drizzt went to speak with him. Pelor Dawnsea is probably now also back there. \
\
Devil\'92s Peninsula - still some good dinosaur hunting to be had there. Perhaps the remains of a camp built to study them. Same octagonal portal as the drow camp but inactive and less daubed with symbols. \
\
Moradin\'92s Embrace - Drawven name. But no dwarves here now - largely swampland. Some sort of civilisation here. Yuan-ti maybe?\
\
Carroburg/Middenheim - whichever one they go to has a Blood Bowl team - the town is just a load of low shacks built around the stadium, where most of the money seems to reside. The players are treated like minor deities, and will absolutely believe their own hype and get into a fight with the PCs if provoked. \
\
Floating islands - four of them, but the largest is home to an adult white dragon. The islands are extremely snowy, which is odd as one would not normally expect snow so far south, although you are up quite high. The dragon will fly alongside the ship and will only bring it down if threatened by something. Waldor is particularly in awe of it and will require significant persuasion to even attempt an attack, particularly if the Breath is still damaged. The dragon has its hoard under a large stone driven into the rock, one of the crew has heard a legend that it was driven there by Auril (the ice god) herself. The hoard will presumably have lots of treasure - but it is not visible from, the air. \
\
NOTE THAT SUNE OPPOSES AURIL\
\
Altdorf - have to land outside, will need to speak with Drizzt.\
\
Ostgaard - have destroyed/otherwise disabled the peninsula to the modern temple. Modrons attacked city in order to gather supplies, although this ceased since the peninsula was destroyed. }