{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh14980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Talk about character sheets, abilities, spells\
\
Stuff to discuss:\
\
Recap character stories\
Recap death stuff\
Recap poker chip\
Recap state of the world\
	War (elves/humans)\
	Weimar empire/Katarina Holic\
\
Check funds\
Check XP\
Check spells\
Check HP\
\
\
\
Hydra fight\
\
Recap layout of room - brick walls, burning braziers for illumination, water covers floor, getting deeper the further away from PCs it goes\
\
Cultists are in disarray, fleeing back towards the base of the layered sewer structure - do any of them survive? Door currently blocked by spinning blades?\
\
Nymph is unconscious - carried by Kratos?\
\
Hydra - will move to central location and attack with each of its 4 heads - remember that if a head is cut off it will be replaced by two more, BOTH of which will attack the one who damaged it.\
When at 70hp, the hydra will try to disengage.\
\
Cultist base - rudimentary living quarters with a large stone chamber behind, complete with heavy iron shackles. Wooden bunkbeds with uncomfortable mattresses have been placed against the walls. In one corner are sacks of grain and other produce, presumably to sustain the cultists, complete with chopping boards and bowls for preparation. A giant badger chews at the corner of a sack, and seeing you, bolts into a sett in the side of the wall. A cauldron bubbles gently over a fire. You also see a packing crate that seems to be full of thick black eggshell, that seems to have been here for some time. Could the cultists have hatched the hydra here? The quarters are not comfortable, and you doubt the cultists would have wanted to spend much time here. Weapon racks - nothing exciting. \
\
Searches reveal coded communications to this cultist group - presumably from others? The hydra symbol appears to be their mark as it appears in the wax seal on the orders. You cannot read the orders without a cypher however - and much as you search you cannot find one here. \
\
Also findable:\
\
Trinket: DC10, 2x rations\
Coin: DC12\
Flasks of wildfire: (50GP each, x3, explode with fireball spell (L3) when thrown, normal thrown weapon rules) DC15\
Spell: stone can be pushed back to reveal secret door\
\
Leader\'92s quarters: papers, cipher for orders(?), book w/spell (something fire related), +1 leather armour?\
\
\
Nymph - Maia - fey, neutral good, ageless, waist-length strawberry blonde hair, but tied into plaits that curve around her head. Slender, pale skin with faint freckles. She radiates attractiveness, and the males in the group (except Angron) feel themselves drawn to her. \
\
Driven South by the burning of the Jacobssen Ridge forests, Maia was scarred and wounded by the destruction of her habitats. Nymphs are embodiments of the beauty of their habitats, and with hers so callously destroyed Maia\'92s life was almost extinguished herself. \
\
She can be seduced\'85 \
\
She is pleased to hear that the elves are pushing South and to hear about fires(?) at Jacobssen Ridge - she believes the elves will care for the forest.\
\
As she regains consciousness she comes to recognise Tethir - the forests are full of whisperings about a brave firbolg who has left his home in the defence of the balance of nature. Word is he can manipulate the flora and fungi of the forests to make himself all-powerful\'85\
\
She tells Tethir that the Feywild support his efforts - not officially, but there is good-feeling towards his mission. The seers of the Feywild have been concerned about the rising tide of darkness over the Weimar empire, and their Second Sight cannot penetrate the swirling maelstrom of malevolence over Altdorf. Tethir may be the only one who can. \
\
Once they get her above ground and take a rest Maia takes her leave. If anyone spots her, she simply tells them she has been cooped up as a captive for too long and needs to get back to nature.\
\
\
Licky - Licky is watching the battle from a grate at the side of the arena, and makes himself known to PCs once the fight is over. \
If they leave: 2 days travel.\
\
Encounters:\
\
Describe walking on road - beaten earth track, see a few people passing up and down. Some people stop and stare, whispering to each other as they look at you. (If challenged they ask if these are the band of mercenaries standing up to Kararina Holic)\
\
Horseman from Ulfsville in the direction of Kislev. If stopped, he is carrying a message (stamped with the BS logo) which he refuses to let them open. He is heading to speak to the mayor of Kislev, Gorelsk Reikspiel. \
\
D6\
1 - gnoll party - watch PCs from treeline. Seem dishevelled, nervous. Not much leadership. If attacked it is likely they will run. \
2 - six fishing boats pulled up on the shore. Noone seems to be around. There are several drying racks of fish stuck into the sand. \
3 - a family travelling to Ulfsville. They seem to have quite a few possessions - maybe thinking of moving there?\
4 - owlbear lair?\
5 - a hunter with a giant longbow strapped to his back. He gives his (randomly generated) name and tells the party he is looking to \
hunt the most dangerous game in these lands. Over the next few days, the party find traps set for them, and a note at their camp telling them the hunt is on - !!!\
6 - a field of sheep, hiding from three black bears who have killed one of them. A shepherd thanks t hem if they get rid of the bears\
}