{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24040\viewh14160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Recap\
4 in bar downstairs of Salty Seagull, manage \
Angron asleep upstairs, nice and clean, with his bottles of wine\
Thia on the ship with Mundungus and the snoring crew\
\
[Salty Seagull]\
\
Angron CON check to wake up and join them\
Thia want to join as well?\
Drinks?\
\
[Trevia]\
\
The chattering crowds in the lounge (if you can call it that) hush briefly, and you look around to try and figure out why - a question that is quickly answered. Alexsandr Trevia is picking his way through the crowds, still wearing his battered off-gold armour. Smiling broadly, he greets a few patrons with his trademark beefy handshake, clasping hands and shoulders as he makes his way to the bar. A few more undesireable-looking folk slip out of the door as he does so, but he pays them no mind. Spotting you at your table, he raises a hand in greeting and treats you to a wink, placing his order at the bar before wandering over to your table.\
\
\'93Another round?\'94 He asks.\
\
He motions to the bar staff that you all need another drink, and makes idle chit chat with you whilst you\'92re served. The drinks arrive almost immediately - one of the perks of drinking with the guard captain/mayor. \'93Put it on my tab\'94, he tells the waitress, who curtseys and retreats back behind the bar.\
\
\'93So, I heard you had some success down the market today - a brand new venture eh? Very quick setup too - how did you manage to get a license so fast? [answer] mind if I take a look?\'94 \
\'93Hmm yes, this _does_ all look to be in order\'85 there\'92s one small problem though. I\'92m the only person in town authorised to sign these licenses. And I didn\'92t sign this. Did I?\'94\
\
[explanations]\
\
\'93I believe we had a meeting as you arrived - one where I asked you specifically to stay out of trouble whilst you were here. Does this sound like staying out of trouble to you?\'94 He holds up his hands. \'93Obviously to keep the peace with the other vendors, I have to write you up for this. The fine for operating without a valid Middenheim license is 2000gp, with a week to pay up or challenge the fine with the magistrate. Thereafter, it\'92s 50gp for a weekly license, and taxation of 40% on profits. You probably haven\'92t spotted them, but my tax collectors watch the markets quite closely. They\'92ll keep me appraised on what you owe.\'94 He leans in closely to the table. \'93I told you to stay out of trouble for your own good as well as my own. There are still parts of this town that support Weimar and the shit they\'92ve started with the Elven Kingdoms. You stride in and immediately start carrying out sacks of cash? That\'92s going to attract very much the wrong sort of attention. I\'92ve set two of my guardsmen to shadow you tonight in case of any trouble.\'94\
\
\
\'93Enjoy the rest of your evening. Looks like the entertainment\'92s about to start.\'94 And with that, he straightens up and makes his way back across the inn, heading for the exit. \
\
\
Other points: \'93Economy won\'92t sustain such rampant spending on water - Pul\'92em\'92s solution isn\'92t great, but it doesn\'92t cost the individual townsfolk the small fortune you\'92re charging them. It\'92s a cost I can absorb from the town coffers. I\'92ve no doubt you\'92ll make some coin selling to some of the larger estates or businesses, but you\'92ll bleed the townsfolk dry before long.\'94\
\
Country club, large eateries, perhaps even export the water down the coast or to Altdorf?\
\
[Salty Seagull evening entertainment - sexy goblin]\
\
He\'92s not wrong about the entertainment - waiters rush around snuffing out most of the candles, and you notice that one area seems to have been left lit up. It must be what passes for a stage around here - a couple of planks balanced on some old beer kegs. The crowd are getting rowdy with anticipation - it\'92s clear this is what many of them are here for. An unseen band begins to play a tune with some deep bass notes - then a small green creature with pointed ears and wickedly sharp teeth appears, wearing a sparkly red dress, off the shoulder but floor-length, with a split up the side almost to the waist. He? She? It? steps daintily off the shoulders of a large, cross-armed man onto the stage. She has an excellent singing voice, and the act is far more sultry than you were expecting - full of beckoning, winking and running of a pointed red tongue across teeth. The punters are loving it, banging their tankards on the table and laughing uproariously as the act continues. Is this\'85 is this a sexy goblin cabaret?!\
\
The act concludes after a few other numbers, and the goblin blows kisses to her fans, before jumping back onto the shoulders of the large gentleman who has sat stoic throughout the performance. Waving over his shoulder, they disappear up the stairway to the upper floors. \
\
Dielderx the Sequin\'92d is the name of the goblin.\
\
[Back to Pul\'92em]\
\
\'93See! There! The trail!\'94 Pul\'92em exclaims, pointing to the edge of the salt circle. Indeed, you can see that the salt is dragged away in a line, and there is a trail of blood that leads to a churned track of dried mud. As Pul\'92em said, this leads off in the direction of a dark thicket of undergrowth, which stands out against the yellow mud. \'93You\'92ll bring the perpetrators to justice yes? Take them to the captain? Destroy their hideout? Hmm?\'94 \
\
[thicket]\
\
As the gnome said, this thicket is dense with vegetation, with large, gnarled brambles tying the close-set trees together. You\'92re not surprised the trees are so close together in this arid environment. The trail becomes impossible to follow as it reaches the undergrowth. \
\
[entrance]\
\
The entrance becomes apparent as the undergrowth clears - a hole, around 10 feet tall and 10 feet wide, hacked from the rock formation that sits at the centre of this thicket. Inside, there seem to be no natural light sources, and after the outside light fades it is just pitch black. The tunnel slopes downward as the light disappears. You get a strong sense of foreboding from the hole, and as if confirming your fears, the wind howls menacingly as it whistles around the rock.\
\
[perception]\
\
You see some flecks of blood and animal hide left hanging from the roughly hacked walls.\
If searching for things - a DC15 check notices small holes dotted around the passageways, in the walls, floors and even sometimes the ceiling.\
DC18 notes that some of the smaller passageways seem to be linked to each other. \
\
[at the first intersection]\
\
As you round the corner you trip over something soft, almost falling to the ground. Those with dark vision can see that you\'92ve found one of the oxen - quite clearly hacked to death as Pul\'92em stated. A large beast, it would have taken some effort to bring it here. \
\
The walls of these tunnels are low, and even Angron and Tethir have just enough space to stand upright without stooping. The floors are strewn with debris, rocks hacked from the walls, occasional scraps of clothing or leather, together with dried branches and most concerning of all, animal bones - both whole and splintered. The bones seem to have been completely picked clean. There are occasional marks on the walls and floors that look like the rocks were melted in some way.\
\
[break through into dwarven area]\
\
The tunnels here change style dramatically - it appears that who/whatever hacked the tunnels from the rock broke through into some existing network. The tunnels here have smooth walls, almost polished, with inlaid slabs at intervals, and bands of brass or bronze which ring the tunnels. They expand outwards from the bottom before closing back in at the top - the ceiling is about half the width of the floor. The floor is made of flagstones, and your footsteps echo loudly as you step down into the tunnels. The floors here are still strewn with similar debris as before, but you see signs of civilisation as well - iron plates, tankards, broken chairs and barrels, and the occasional weapon, axes, crossbows and shields. There are also sconces for torches on the walls, but all of the torches are burned out or missing. The air smells musty, laden with an unmistakeable tang and the sweet smell of death.\
\
[First door]\
\
You approach a pair of doors that completely block the path. They seem to be made of solid oak, with the edges reinforced with brass. There doesn\'92t seem to be a discernible keyhole or handle - maybe they just slide open?\
\
[Barricade]\
\
It appears that whoever used to live here tried to block this passage in some way using tables, barrels and planks. Unfortunately (for them) it doesn\'92t look like this effort was successful - the barricade has been hacked apart and strewn about the corridor, and passage through where it used to stand is only slightly restricted.\
\
[Skeletons at a barricade]\
\
This attempt at a barricade also seems to have failed - much like the last one it has been broken down and strewn about the tunnel instead. Oddly, the planks also seem to have been melted in some way - not something you thought could happen to wood. Behind the barricade are two stunted skeletons, picked clean but otherwise largely intact, their mouths open in eternal screams.\
\
[acid pools on the floor]\
\
A gently glowing green liquid has eaten a hole into the floor here. It bubbles gently as you look at it. \
\
[after first kruthic is hurt or killed]\
\
You hear what sounds like a low roar, and as this gets louder you realise that it\'92s the sound of tens? Hundreds? of mandibles clashing and pointed feet clacking against stone. \
\
EXPLAIN THE DAMN RULES AT THIS POINT - REMEMBER PASSIVE PERCEPTION TO DETECT BLIPS, BLIPS RESOLVING, FACING\
\
[Young kruthic]\
\
A small chittering creature with six legs, the front two ending in vicious curved claws. The creature is only about two feet high, and moves quickly, skittering around the floors, walls, and even the ceiling with ease.\
\
[Adult kruthic]\
\
A larger version of the small kruthic, but with the addition of a throng of sharp black spines lining it\'92s back. These creatures stand closer to 6 feet tall, and their screeches are ear-piercing. Despite their larger size, they are still extremely agile, and comfortable with all surfaces.\
\
[Kruthic lord chamber]\
\
The corridors open up into a far larger chamber - easily tall enough to stand. Strewn about the room are animal carcasses in various states of putrefaction - you think you can even pick out the oxen you\'92ve been sent here to avenge. In the centre of the room, a mighty waterfall cascades down into the room from somewhere above. Could this be what\'92s left of the river\'85? This looks like the last stand of this warren\'92s inhabitants - there are far more humanoid skeleton remains here and the tables are turned over to provide crude firing cover pointed at the doors. In fact, looking more closely you can see that there are tens of weapons and shields laying around the room. You also see what look like four giant cocoons suspended from the ceiling, and the shrivelled remains of spent cocoons lie around the place as well. From behind the waterfall, eyes full of malevolence, stalks the largest of these creatures you\'92ve seen so far. The spines lining its back are easily a foot long, and it bares it\'92s needle-like teeth as it screeches at you. You notice large sacs hanging beneath its mandibles, something you\'92ve also not seen on the other creatures. \
\
Three of the larger creatures emerge behind the creature, raising their claws as they charge you. \
\
[round 1]\
\
As the battle rages below, out of the corner of your eye you see the cocoons suspended from the roof start to buck and shift, seeming to pulse from the inside. \
\
[round 2]\
\
The cocoons begin to writhe, and with horror you see that whatever seems to be inside is trying desperately to emerge.\
\
[round 3]\
\
The cocoons burst in a spray of visceral jelly, spilling their inhabitants onto the floor of the chamber. They land with splayed legs, but immediately pick themselves up and, still dripping with their birthing viscera, and launch themselves into the fight.\
}