{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15160\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Phones\
Combat 6s\
Next session\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Recap\
  - crash landed on island\
  - castle in the centre\
  - engines are dead, power source under castle/tower\
  - prison level, number of caged animals\
  - fought six guards, all now dead\
  - apes and shit\
  - guards drow, armed with short bows, short swords and vicious dirks that area apparently coated in some sort of poison\
\
 - Vosker do\'92Seren\
 - Dark Dragons\
 - finished extracting useful assets from the site\
 - seems to have caused the crystal powering the cells to become unstable\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The tower begins to shake violently, and masonry begins to fall from the walls and roof. The remaining caged creatures begin to bay and hurl themselves at their cages, perhaps sensing what is to come. The torches stream and start to go out as the magical energies grow stronger. Blue light pours from the hole in the floor, illuminating the prison above.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [What do PCs do?] Power source is in flux, the pressure builds and then dissipates in waves, each thump dislodging more masonry from the walls and roof. \
\
\
Power source - if PCs go downstairs - is a crystal similar to the one fixed into the engine on the Breath of Sune. It sits upon a round, raised dais, set into a metal holder. It is easily 6 feet tall, and far too heavy to move or carry. A variety of wires lead off it, heading back up through the gap into the prison. The crystal seems to be full of a deep blue light that builds to a piercing brightness and fades again in time with the pulsating energy.\
\
[What do they do]\
\
The frequency of the power surges increases, as does the intensity. Being this close to the crystal, it is all you can do to stay on your feet as the energies surge from the stone. \
\
[What do they do]\
\
Prod them - Magic users realise that Thia can probably harness the energy of the stone even as it is running out of control.\
\
Games of pairs:\
\
As Thia places her hands on the stone she seems to enter some sort of trance - her eyes roll back into her head and her body goes rigid. For Thia, she sees the magic as a iridescent stream, needing to be tamed and channeled. In her minds eye, she attempts to shape the wild and undulating magic of the stone into something she can contain inside herself. \
\
Rounds of combat between these for all who have stayed\
\
Level 1: 45 seconds, 9 cards\
\
The magics flowing through the stone begin to make sense - Thia starts to see where the threads begin and end. Pulling on this thread will unravel this barrier, tying this one will bring the power together.\
\
The very air seems to bend around Thia, warping and twisting until suddenly, it breaks. Like a tear in a taut canvas you gaze in terror upon a twisted, elemental plane. You catch a glimpse of blackened rocks and swirling vortices of magical energy, before a deluge of horrifying creatures pour through the void!\
\
The demons seem to be made from thick black smoke, their appearance flowing and shifting by the second. Sometimes resembling spiders, beasts, humanoids, with multiple eyes and razor sharp needles for teeth, they are truly the stuff of nightmares. The sound of their chittering fills the hall as they pour through the void.\
\
Demons:\
\
1HP, they are legion, almost formless, swiping at them causes the smoke to dissipate and they are gone. They attack with shadowy teeth and claws: +4 to Hit, 1d4 piercing damage per hit. MAKE SURE AT LEAST 20 MODELS. They swarm the PCs, attacking first. Roll initiative again. \
\
Level 2: 60 seconds, 12 cards\
\
Clearer now, Thia brings the magic info focus. She siphons a powerful mass of energy into one area - this could be the magic she feels she can take into herself. \
\
With excited shouts, larger, uglier creatures begin to shoulder their way through the rift into this world. These are more humanoid in form, muscle-bound, standing easily 10 feet tall and towering over you. Thick black smoke streams off them as they advance on the party, weapons coalescing in their hands.\
\
30HP, STR 20, +6 to hit, great axe, 1d10+6 damage\
\
Level 3: 90 seconds, 16 cards\
\
Lightning appears to crackle over Thia\'92s body as she moves the magic from the stone to herself. You smell burning flesh - the stone has turned red hot where Thia\'92s hands make contact with it. There is one final thump, and Thia is thrown bodily from the stone, coming to rest slumped against the round walls of the well. She is conscious, but dazed.\
\
The realm tear begins to collapse, but not before a huge creature strides forth into the material plane. Coated in what appears to be an impossibly black set of plate mail, it wields a crude cudgel that is almost the size of Tethir. Horns protrude from its misshapen skull and the roar it emits has you grabbing for your ears. It\'92s jagged teeth drip eerily, and eyes like burning coals search out its prey. \
\
As the realm tear collapses the lesser demons are dragged back inside, their claws scoring the stone flags as they scrabble to hold on. Even the larger demon is slowed by the surge of energy back into the void, and objects fly around the room clattering into you as you cling on to whatever you can. \
\
The void slams shut, and the larger demon shakes itself, as though its only connection to its own world has been severed. Hefting it\'92s cudgel, it advances on you.\
\
AS A DEMON IT IS VULNERABLE TO RADIANT DAMAGE AND RESISTANT TO DEMONIC DAMAGE\
\
PCs: do they try and stop it?\
\
On failure: Thia takes 1d10 pure magic damage and rolls on the wild magic surge table. \
\
On leaving: Thia cannot walk but is conscious. If she chooses to cast a spell, it does double damage but guarantees a roll on the wild magic table. \
\
Note: crystal power is dimmed but not gone. The thrums in the air have dissipated slightly and are less frequent, but they start to build up again even as you look.\
\
If PCs are running remember that a giant ape will turn up and batter enemies out of the way. Down the hill, over the river and back to the Breath. The rain continues to beat down, the water vaporised by the thrumming of the crystal. The pulsations grow ever closer, beating to a crescendo as you make your way along the waterfront to the crash site.\
\
As you arrive back at the Breath, you realise with relief that the crew have the balloon inflated. The ship has lifted out of the mud lightly, and you can see that the front of the lower deck is all but destroyed, Kratos\'92 shrine to Sune gone. As you approach, Huey angrily shouts at you. \'93Where have you been?! We\'92ve been surrounded all night! Katie\'92s almost dead!\'94 \
\
Katie is slumped in the central covered area of the ship, her face pale and her breathing shallow. Waldor has been propped up with a makeshift man-sized splint at the wheel, his jaw set with determination. \
\
Mundungus catches a look at Thia \'91Akadi\'92s wings\'85 you better get her to the engines quick!\'92 Barely conscious, Thia places her hands on the crystal, with the last of her strength directs her newfound energy to flow into the stone. \
\
3 x arcana checks DC18 - 1 success before 3 failures, else wild magic table. The energies flow freely from Thia into the crystal, and anyone looking can see the flow of bright blue magical essence into the heart of the crystal. Mundungus gazes in awe at Thia. \'91I\'92ve never seen anything like it\'92 he breathes, but is interrupted by a yell from Waldor \'91FIRE THOSE ENGINES LAWN ORNAMENT, WE ARE LEAVING\'92. Mundungus flips some switches and the engine propellor spins to life, whining as it spins faster than you\'92ve ever seen it before. The Breath lumbers into the air, aerodynamics shot to hell, as Huey and Dewey scamper about the place hauling lines and trimming sails. \
\
Waldor climbs as fast as he can, and from behind you comes a sound like you\'92ve never heard before - it\'92s as if the very earth itself is screaming. A final buildup of pressure, the largest yet, ripples through your flesh, causing the balloon above you to buck and strain against it\'92s bindings. You can just make out the castle on Devil\'92s Peninsula below you, and as the pressure breaks it seems to distort and fall away into an impenetrable black hole of darkness. With an almighty crash, a large section of the island seems to implode, dragging the mountains, trees and structures with it. As the black hole grows, you fear you are not yet fair enough away, as the engine strains ever harder against the pull behind it. \
\
After what seems like an eternity, with a final zip, the hole collapses almost instantly into itself, leaving an almighty crater that seems intent on draining the seas of the sword coast. You made it. You are safe.\
\
}