{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13560\viewh14760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Printing\
Recap\
Questions about sheets, spells, items\
Long rest on ship, so spells refreshed, hp back etc\
Harsher with deaths?\
\
Y\'92all are on the Breath, finally managing to rest after a gruelling escape and battle from the floating islands. Waldor has pointed you in the direction of Middenheim and keeps the ship high. The breeze is gentle and the sun on your skin keeps you warm as you treat your wounds and look over your new scars, to the backdrop of the creaking of ropes and occasional flapping of sailcloth. The deck of the ship is scorched and burned from the recent combat. Huey, Duey and Mundungus move up and down the rigging repairing some of the larger holes, reporting back to Waldor as they do so, who lazily turns the wheel to . Maybe some of you layabouts even help!\
\
Soon the Breath starts to look more shipshape, and Waldor orders the trim sails brought in and boosts the power to the engines. Looking over the side, you see a crescent shaped peninsula off to starboard, seemingly coated by a gentle layer of steam. The sea shimmers in the sunlight, and you fancy you can make out some fishing vessels or similar far below. Ahead of you, you can see the gentle curve of the coast.\
\
Kratos sits slightly apart from the others, his back turned, staring over the side. He hasn\'92t said a word since Sune\'92s intervention on your behalf. When you look at him, you can see that his scales appear less lustrous, as if they\'92re not reflecting as much light as they used to, which you find odd in the bright sunlight. \
\
[PCs]\
\
[BWAAAAAAAAH]\
\
A noise you all recognise rips through the stillness of the sky. The Thrall of Takhesis! Waldor leans over the starboard side side, and calls out to you. \'93Well this ain\'92t good!\'94\
\
Looking over the side, you see the massive bulk of the Thrall a long way below you, a thousand feet at least. She sits at the front of a diamond of flying craft, much smaller than she is, one to each side and another behind. Waldor takes a look through his monocular and passes it to whoever is closest.\
\
\'93These flyers are new\'94 he grunts, passing the monocular to whoever is nearest. \'93Small things. Maybe 6 seats on each? They look military to me\'94. Through the monocular, you get a clearer view of the ships - small, sleek, and agile, with a long, cylindrical balloon each above them. Much like the Thrall they are painted black, and you\'92d bet they have the Weimar insignia painted on the side. They seem to be battle barges, with no room for cargo, just a pilot and several seats for soldiers. They have armoured flanks, and one of them in particular seems to have a sharp, pointed prow, which you suspect is used for ramming. \
\
As you watch, at another blast from the Thrall of Takhesis, the three smaller flyers detach from the formation and begin to climb, directly towards you. As they approach, you see that the front-runner, the one with the pointed prow, contains five soldiers in plate armour, whereas the other two seem to hold crossbowmen, five in each, who are readying their weapons. Their faces are upturned to you as they climb. You note that there are two pilots instead of one on each deck, and there appears to be a mounted harpoon on each ship. Whilst the areas contained the soldiers are well defended, with rows of shields providing cover, the decks containing the pilots are relatively lightly armoured - and the pilots themselves have to stand above the parapet to be able to steer. \
\
[PCs]\
\
The two crossbow barges pull level with you, about 60 feet off. The third barge passes underneath you and rises up behind like an angry hornet. The pilot of one of the crossbow barges hails you, his voice seemingly magically enhanced.\
\
\'93Unknown vessel! This is Acting-Lieutenant Perical Randall of The Weimar Fast-Track Officer Cadet Training Cadre! You are ordered by the authority of Katarina Holic to identify yourself, and state your business here! You should know that this is restricted airspace!\'94\
\
[wait for response. For about 10 seconds, then]\
\
Randall\'92s voice blares out again\
\
\'93Unknown vessel, you have 10 seconds to comply or we will open fire!\'94 The soldiers on the crossbow barges have levelled their weapons through firing slots and are basically invisible to you save for their firing eyes and their weapons. \
\
[regardless of response]\
\
\'93Takhesis\'92 tail I have never heard such nonsense! Prepare to be boarded by officers of the law for inspection! Line up with your papers, and place any weapons you may be carrying on the deck\'94.\
\
[Waldor whispers to you all] \'93This ain\'92t gonna go well for us - we\'92ve got eight non-humans and a corpse on-board. I assume you have a plan that doesn\'92t get us all thrown in jail?\'94\
\
The back-most boarding ship jukes slightly and rams into the Breath, its prow splintering the deck as it forces its way onto the main deck. Waldor curses \'93Akadi\'92s wings, was there any need for that?!\'94 As soon as the prow bites, the harpoon on the captains deck is fired, impacting onto the Breath and securing the smaller ship\'92s hold. The Breath lists slightly to the right from the extra weight. A gangplank is tossed from the smaller ship to the Breath, and five soldiers in full plate armour clank across the gap, armed with halberds. Their leader wears a black helmet, but keeps his visor down as he barks orders.\
\
\'93All of you, on your knees! Kneel at the port rope! Throw your weapons down in front of you, and prepare your papers for inspection!\'94 He turns to Waldor \'93I assume you\'92re in command here? What is your purpose in this airspace? You know it has been restricted to wartime vessels only\'94\
\
[PCs]\
\
As they have no papers, Captain will try to arrest them. If fighting starts, the two side ships will fire harpoons at the Breath to ensure they are anchored, followed by a volley of crossbow bolts as a surprise round. Then, they will only engage with volleys of crossbow bolts. The five enforcers will try to clear space where possible and beat a retreat to their barge. Position them on the ship sensitively to this. If he gets a chance, the captain will shout something like \'93this is insanity! The Queen will feed you to the hounds for this!\'94 as he is horribly murdered.\
\
Stats on the ships: \
\
Hull 50hp, damage resistance 10hp - if damaged the ship crumbles, dragging the Breath to one side as it falls to pieces in the air\
Engine 20hp NO DAMAGE RESISTANCE - if this is destroyed it explodes, obviously reducing the ship to matchsticks. All seven passengers tumble through the air. \
\
As the dust settles, you look around for the Thrall of Takhesis, but it seems to have disappeared against the backdrop of the Shimmering Sea.\
\
\
\
\
}