{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19540\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 05/11/2019\
\
Recap\
\
HP\
Most PCs in vault, just fought off four druids/dragons\
Thia on the airship - been attacked by four dragons\
Charm person\
Move attack move\
Attack move attack\
\
Druidcraft\
Resistance\
Thunderwave\
Faerie Fire\
Entangle\
Purify food and drink\
Lesser Restoration\
Spike Growth\
Hold person\
Call lightning\
Meld into stone\
Wind wall\
Ice storm\
Stoneskin\
Wall of fire\
Mass cure wounds\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Fight with Haydn
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Weapon:\
\
Magical club, +7 to hit, 1d10 + 3 magical damage\
\
HP 57 : AC 14\
\
STR: 14, DEX: 12, WIS: 22, CON: 13, CHA: 12, INT: 10\
\
How Haydn fights:\
\
If he is fighting all of the PCs, he will cast Meld into stone as soon as possible, sinking into a wall or the floor to avoid them. If he is knocked to below 20hp, he will transform into an adult song dragon and fight as that thereafter. \
\
Reinforcements arrive by air (the wyrmlings flying) shortly after they are summoned. Haydn will emerge from stone form at this time to fight. \
\
Remember he has mass healing spells.\
Remember the lair actions on initiative 20.\
\
Hayden shouts at the PCs as he fights, tears streaking his face\
\
\'93Why? Why are you doing this to us\'94\
\'93Why must you ruin everything\'94\
\'93Is there no escape from the brutality?\'94\
\'93Leave us in peace\'94\
\'93This colony is my life\'92s work!\'94\
\
His spells are:\
\
4 level one, 3 level two, 3 level three, 3 level four, 1 level five\
\
After fight concludes: what are PCs going to do next? Presumably loot and try to leave?\
\
The dragons look resplendent with their blue and green translucent scales. You\'92d be quite enamoured with them if they weren\'92t trying to kill you! When they enter their dragon form you can hear them intoning music to each other, and this continues even when they are in human form, singing arias and notes to each other. You realise that the music you have been hearing the whole time must have been being produced by the dragons themselves, or their dwelling place. \
\
BREATH WEAPON RECHARGE 5/6\
LAIR ACTIONS\
TRANSFORMATIONS\
FLYING/GRAPPLING\
\
Second fight:\
\
3x wyrmlings and mother - potential to bring in another flight to perform bombing runs\
Mother shouts to Curtis and Tethir during the combat:\
\'93Kind bard - won\'92t you call your people off? We have no desire to hurt you!\'94 (In druidic to Tethir) Guardians of the Land should live in harmony! Not discord! \
SECOND ROUND - HAYDN FLIES OVERHEAD - FRIGHTNING PRESENCE CHECKS\
Whirling around in the air, the mighty dragon beats its wings, so hard that you can feel the blast even from where you stand. In a deep booming voice, but nevertheless one you can understand, he booms: YOU HAVE DECIMATED MY ENCLAVE! YOU HAVE DRIVEN US TO THIS! WHY COULD YOU NOT JUST LEAVE US BE?! You see muscles contract in his slender but powerful neck and he opens his mouth wide, breathing a gigantic cloud of crackling gas into the air overhead, casting a shadow over you. You realise that even after such heavy fighting, this is still a show of force - Haydn screams angrily once again before thrashing his wings and spiralling away into the sky.\
After mother dies remaining wyrmlings will fall back - Haydn casts wall of fire to cover their retreat. PCs hear heavy wingbeats on the other side of the wall and see the mighty form of Haydn flying away, above the flames.\
\
Mother\'92s spells:\
\
4 level one, 3 level two, 2 level 3\
\
Tactics: mother stays human, attempts to use her spellcasting to keep PCs at bay. If she is charged she will transform, but otherwise tries to disrupt the PCs with faerie fire, spike growth and entangle. Wyrmlings fight as pairs, flying in twos - will seek to grapple PCs and drag them around - STR 15 and carry weight 225, can even carry them into the air and hold them there, or seek to drop them\
\
Thia - if she is on the Breath need something for her to do - further attacks? Tend to wounded?\
\
Third encounter:\
\
You come across a lone druid, kneeling in the dirt and trying to tend to one of her wounded sisters, who is in her dragon form. The near-dead dragon is battered and gouged, and looks to have landed heavily - this must be one of the dragons from Haydn\'92s cave that you didn\'92t finish off. The human druid is singing an urgent and incredibly mournful song as she works, but you suspect the dragon\'92s wounds are fatal. As she hears you approach she rises to her feat, face stained with dirt, blood and tears, but grips her staff and faces you, determined. \
\
Final encounter:\
\
Wait for PCs to be on ship, unless they pull some bullshit. \
\
Final fight is full crew + ship vs Haydn, in the air. The Breath itself has hit points per area - 75 for the balloon, damage resistance of 8, and 200 for the hull, damage resistance of 15. Haydn will crash into the ship to damage it, and will need to be damaged for 20hp to be forced away. When at half HP he lands heavily on the ship and fights directly. Remember his legendary actions - but avoid having him throw anyone over the side. \
\
REMEMBER THAT HAYDN WILL CONTINUE TO SHOUT AT THE PCS DURING COMBAT. HE IS INCENSED BY THE DEATH OF HIS FLOCK AND FIGHTS TO PROTECT THEM\
\
The final blow is dealt to Haydn and he roars in anguish. As you yank your weapon free, he attempts to rise up to strike a killing blow, but his strength has left him, and even as he raises his claws his standing leg gives way, and he slumps to the deck. The life seems to seep from him in ebbs and flows, his knees buckle, he slumps to one side, and his once iridescent scales seem almost to dim. Weakly, he raises his head, and you can see his neck muscles working, trying desperately to sustain him. Unable to even muster one final burst of energy, his head bows and with his last breath, he shoves himself sideways, crashing through the railings of the Breath and over the side, falling to his death below. You rush to the sides of the ship, but his body is lost amongst the clouds. The crew whoop and holler, Waldor lifts Mundungus up in a bear hug that the latter squirms to get free of. You are victorious, but you\'92re left with a residual question: was it worth it?\
\
}