{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19260\viewh13500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Recap!\
\
Middenheim:\
\
You continue your journey over the coastline, and the town of Middenheim slowly comes into view. It sits atop a cliff, but set back a mile or so from the cliff edge - you can see a well-worn path tracking down to the sea from the town itself. To the east of the city sit row upon row of salt trenches - it appears the main export of this town is salt, and these are the evaporation fields where the sea water is evaporated. \
\
The town itself is well-maintained, made up of stone structures packed tight in around alleyways and a couple of major roads. There are several squares where you can see market stalls set up, even from the air. One of the roads appears to run through an old river bed. Conspicuously, you don\'92t see a clacks tower. \
\
\'93Where should we put her down?\'94 Asks Waldor, \'93we are definitely not supposed to be here\'94. Peering over the sides of the Breath, you can see townspeople pointing up at you, and some of them run back into town.\
\
Wherever you do land, as the ship comes to rest and the remaining crew swarm around bringing down the rigging, you see a small delegation of riders cantering out towards you. They rear the horses at the base of the gangplank, and call out to you - \'93welcome travellers! Please accompany us to the office of our Captain!\'94 They are quite clearly guardsmen - but you note that they are not wearing Weimar insignia but rather that of Middenheim. They wear simple chainmail and leather helmets, holding spears, points up. \'93We ask that you keep your weapons sheathed within the city limits. Captain Trevia will explain\'94. \
\
Rough areas:\
\
Fogrock - so called because of the fog that rolls in over the sea and from the salt fields. The fields themselves have intricate collectors which trap the evaporated water and run it to large butts, which provide fresh water for the town, it not being by a natural water source. The collectors and evaporators were designed by Pul\'92em Clearbane, a gnomish tinkerer who has been made very rich by the endeavour. \
\
They are powered by oxen, a solution Clearbane isn\'92t happy with, but he hasn\'92t been able to figure out how to maintain power to an automated solution for long enough. The oxen are bound to long yokes and walked in a circle, which turns a variety of cogs and gears which force a purification mesh over the sea water to concentrate the salt into one side\
\
Oak church - the slightly richer area of town - this is where the Town Guard\'92s HQ is. In the main square, people bustle around, going about their daily business. There are a few stalls here selling various delicacies - pastries, spiced wines, fresh bread. In the centre of the square, by a deep well, is a noticeboard, standing prominently. There are some fresh and some older posters tacked thereon.\
\
Sample posters: \
Morrigan, purveyor of poisons, has set up a shop in the Old District\
Faded and torn wanted poster for Ira Campbell - 2000 gold, dead or alive. Tearing off this poster reveals an older one featuring a likeness of Angron, wanted dead or alive for the slaying of his master\
A poster from Pul\'92em Clearbane, the gnomish proprietor of the salt farm and inventor of the salt harvester/water purifier\
\
\'93ADVENTURERS SOUGHT! PAID WORK! NO RISK TO LIFE AND LIMB! REWARD 1000 GOLD PIECES!\'94\
Gives an address on the edge of Fogrock. As you look more closely, you see that the word \'91no\'92 has been scratched out\'85\
\
Curtis perception check - DC16 - sees something scribbled in Thieves Cant on the bottom right corner of the noticeboard. It seems to be a knocking code of sorts, perhaps some of the shopkeepers have additional wares for sale?\
\
Old district - where the spice markets can be found. There are no blacksmiths or weapon sellers, but there are alchemists, apothecaries, potionsellers and spice merchants with brightly-coloured stalls all around.\
\
[POTION LIST + MEDICAL SUPPLIES + SPELL CONSUMABLES]\
\
The Mill - used to be powered by the old river, which has for some reason dried up. Was the preserve of the miller\'92s family, who were well-respected around these parts, but since the river dried up this area has largely fallen into disrepair, except for The Salty Seagull. Gangs of urchins have made homes in a lot of the older buildings. \
\
[The Salty Seagull]\
\
There are a few pubs in town, but this is by far the largest and most well-trafficked. Sitting in what was the old mill, it looks out onto the dried riverbed, which is now used as a de facto road in and out of the town. There is a deck out front with some tables and barrels to sit on, and you can hear the sounds of merriment coming from within. As you approach, a short, stocky man is hurled through a ground floor window with a crash. Sitting up, he dusts himself off, doffs his cap to you with a grin and runs back through the front door, which stands open. \
\
[Aleksandr Trevia]\
\
As you wander the streets you notice people who seem to be employed to clean them - and indeed, as you realise this you note that there really is very little rubbish or grime around. This town really is well-kept!\
\
The guardsmen walk you up to the front of the guardhouse, a mid-sized stately building on the main square of Oak Church. A blue-glass lantern burns outside. As you\'92re ushered inside you see a number of guardsmen sitting at desks, apparently engaged in paperwork, but before you can look more closely you\'92re ushered up a flight of stairs and into an office. A figure stands facing away from you, his hands clasped behind his back as he looks out onto the square below. He turns, gives you a half smile and drops heavily into his chair, behind an ornate wooden desk. \
\
Aleksandr Trevia is the guard captain. He is human, mid-forties, with blond hair and not a small amount of stubble. He wears golden armour you\'92d expect to see on a king\'92s guardsman, clearly well-worn but cared for, highly polished and with most of the dents beaten out. His scabbarded longsword hangs from the back of his chair.\
\
\'93First, thanks for agreeing to see me. Welcome to Middenheim. I\'92m Aleksandr Trevia, guard captain cum mayor. Can I offer you coffee? Whisky?\'94 He shouts for someone to bring a pot of coffee up, and brings a bottle and glasses out from a desk drawer for those that want it.\
\
[after]\
\
There\'92s not really a delicate way to put this so I\'92ll come right out with it - you\'92re dragging a corpse, you\'92re all non-human and you\'92ve arrived here by airship. In this empire two of those things are illegal, and the other one could go either way. Can I ask what your business is here?\'94\
\
[PCs]\
\
\'93I\'92ve fought on some blood-drenched battlefields in my time, but what the Empire is doing needling the elves into a war I\'92ll never know. And to compound it by rounding up non-humans and forcing them to work\'85 the whole thing is barbaric. Senseless. Behave yourselves and I\'92ll issue orders to my men not to harass you whilst you\'92re here. Most will listen, and those that don\'92t will be kept in line by the ones that do. The locals however\'85 most of the nonners have left town now. The more trouble you get yourselves in the less I\'92ll be able to do for you, just remember that.\'94\
\
[Kratos\'92 dagger]\
\
Used to be a sergeant in Altdorf - once investigated a murder of a prominent Dragonborn lord where an identical dagger was used. Agrees that it is unlikely to be the work of the assassins guild - their weapons are functional rather than flashy. This is almost a ceremonial killing. At the time, they linked the murder to an out of town Tiefling group, but their investigation was cut short by the then-emperor, who had some sort of trade dealing with the caliphate-state the Tieflings belonged to. This is why Aleksandr left Altdorf - he couldn\'92t reconcile his commitment to justice with the realities of interstate dealings.\
\
[Pul\'92em Clearbane]\
You arrive at the Clearbane Estate, but a quick glance tells you that term is more grandiose than the \'91estate\'92 deserves. A large three-storey house sits behind a stone wall, but the half-acre or so of land upon which it sits is ragged and overgrown. Looking around, you can pick out what look like piles of clockwork, brass cogs and piping, lying in the grass, obscured by the weeds. One such creation, all of a foot tall, seems to still be active, and seems to be tasked with weeding the garden. Unfortunately, it is trying to pull up a sapling. And failing. You can hear a faint mechanical clanking coming from it. \
\
As you bash on the wooden door, you hear a high-piched voice cry \'93one moment!\'94 from inside. After a pause, a cacophony of clanking echoes from inside the house, and after looking nervously at each other there is an audible click and the door swings open.\
 \
The house is a hoarder\'92s dream - books, papers, diagrams, designs and piles and piles of assorted junk meet your eyes. There appears to be one path through the house, and from along the path you hear the high pitched voice again \'93up here!\'94. Following the track, you ascend to the second floor and are greeted by an elderly, wizened gnome, white hair sprouting copiously from his ears and nose contrasting with his wrinkled blue skin. He wears small round glasses and a plain tabard that seems to be made up of a series of pockets stitched together. \
\
\'93Yes? Have you brought me my copper? Hmm?\'94 \
\
[responses]\
\
\'93Ah yes! Something, or someone! is killing my oxen! Over by the salt farms, you see - the oxen turn the wheels that process the saltwater - and someone is bumping them off! Hacked to pieces! A frenzied attack! Two of them completely disappeared! Dragged off! We followed the tracks, led to a thicket, deep deep bramble, almost lost a lad in there too! Oxen are expensive! Need someone to find the culprits, hmm? Is that you? Reward is sizeable! Hmm?\'94 \
\
If agreed, he summons a young lad to lead you out to the thicket. He follows along, under an umbrella held over him by an artificial hand which seems to be tracking the sun\'92s position. You pass several working yoked oxen slowly turning their wheels, with a few mercenary guards standing around nervously clutching spears, who nod to Pul\'92em as he passes. Under a light canvas shelter, two of the town guard also look on. You get towards the edge of the salt farm, and you notice a conspicuous lack of living creatures. The salt circle here is stained dark brown with old blood and small bits of viscera, causing Pul\'92em to tut loudly and mutter something about lost profits. Fat blowflies buzz about loudly, annoyed at being disturbed from their meals. Aside from the salt, the top of this cliff is clear of all but the hardiest vegetation, with rocks strewn across the hard packed yellowish mud.\
\
\'93See! There! The trail!\'94 Pul\'92em exclaims, pointing to the edge of the salt circle. Indeed, you can see that the salt is dragged away in a line, and there is a trail of blood that leads to a churned track of dried mud. As Pul\'92em said, this leads off in the direction of a dark thicket of undergrowth, which stands out against the yellow mud. \'93You\'92ll bring the perpetrators to justice yes? Take them to the captain? Destroy their hideout? Hmm?\'94 \
\
[thicket]\
\
As the gnome said, this thicket is dense with vegetation, with large, gnarled brambles tying the close-set trees together. You\'92re not surprised the trees are so close together in this arid environment. The trail becomes impossible to follow as it reaches the undergrowth. \
\
[entrance]\
\
The entrance becomes apparent as the undergrowth clears - a hole, around 10 feet tall and 10 feet wide, hacked from the rock formation that sits at the centre of this thicket. Inside, there seem to be no natural light sources, and after the outside light fades it is just pitch black. The tunnel slopes downward as the light disappears.\
\
[perception]\
\
You see some flecks of blood and animal hide left hanging from the roughly hacked walls.\
If searching for things - a DC15 check notices small holes dotted around the passageways, in the walls, floors and even sometimes the ceiling.\
DC18 notes that some of the smaller passageways seem to be linked to each other. \
\
[at the first intersection]\
\
As you round the corner you trip over something soft, almost falling to the ground. Those with dark vision can see that you\'92ve found one of the oxen - quite clearly hacked to death as Pul\'92em stated. A large beast, it would have taken some effort to bring it here. \
\
The walls of these tunnels are low, and even Angron and Tethir have just enough space to stand upright without stooping. The floors are strewn with debris, rocks hacked from the walls, occasional scraps of clothing or leather, together with dried branches and most concerning of all, animal bones - both whole and splintered. The bones seem to have been completely picked clean. There are occasional marks on the walls and floors that look like the rocks were melted in some way.\
\
[break through into dwarven area]\
\
The tunnels here change style dramatically - it appears that who/whatever hacked the tunnels from the rock broke through into some existing network. The tunnels here have smooth walls, almost polished, with inlaid slabs at intervals, and bands of brass or bronze which ring the tunnels. They expand outwards from the bottom before closing back in at the top - the ceiling is about half the width of the floor. The floor is made of flagstones, and your footsteps echo loudly as you step down into the tunnels. The floors here are still strewn with similar debris as before, but you see signs of civilisation as well - iron plates, tankards, broken chairs and barrels, and the occasional weapon, axes, crossbows and shields. There are also sconces for torches on the walls, but all of the torches are burned out or missing. The air smells musty, laden with an unmistakeable tang and the sweet smell of death.\
\
[First door]\
\
You approach a pair of doors that completely block the path. They seem to be made of solid oak, with the edges reinforced with brass. There doesn\'92t seem to be a discernible keyhole or handle - maybe they just slide open?\
\
[Barricade]\
\
It appears that whoever used to live here tried to block this passage in some way using tables, barrels and planks. Unfortunately (for them) it doesn\'92t look like this effort was successful - the barricade has been hacked apart and strewn about the corridor, and passage through where it used to stand is only slightly restricted.\
\
[Skeletons at a barricade]\
\
This attempt at a barricade also seems to have failed - much like the last one it has been broken down and strewn about the tunnel instead. Oddly, the planks also seem to have been melted in some way - not something you thought could happen to wood. Behind the barricade are two stunted skeletons, picked clean but otherwise largely intact, their mouths open in eternal screams.\
\
[after first kruthic is hurt or killed]\
\
You hear what sounds like a low roar, and as this gets louder you realise that it\'92s the sound of tens? Hundreds? of mandibles clashing and pointed feet clacking against stone. \
\
EXPLAIN THE DAMN RULES AT THIS POINT\
\
[Young kruthic]\
\
A small chittering creature with six legs, the front two ending in vicious curved claws. The creature is only about two feet high, and moves quickly, skittering around the floors and walls with ease.\
\
[Adult kruthic]\
\
A larger version of the small kruthic, but with the addition of a throng of sharp black spines lining it\'92s back. These creatures stand closer to 6 feet tall, and their screeches are ear-piercing. Despite their larger size, they are still extremely agile, and comfortable with all surfaces.\
\
[Kruthic lord chamber]\
\
The corridors open up into a far larger chamber - easily tall enough to stand. Strewn about the room are animal carcasses in various states of putrefaction - you think you can even pick out the oxen you\'92ve been sent here to avenge. In the centre of the room, a mighty waterfall cascades down into the room from somewhere above. This looks like the last stand of this warren\'92s inhabitants - there are far more humanoid skeleton remains here and the tables are turned over to provide crude firing cover pointed at the doors. In fact, looking more closely you can see that there are tens of weapons and shields laying around the room. You also see what look like four giant cocoons suspended from the ceiling, and the shrivelled remains of spent cocoons lie around the place as well. From behind the waterfall, eyes full of malevolence, stalks the largest of these creatures you\'92ve seen so far. The spines lining its back are easily a foot long, and it bares it\'92s needle-like teeth as it screeches at you. You notice large sacs hanging beneath its mandibles, something you\'92ve also not seen on the other creatures. \
\
Three of the larger creatures emerge behind the creature, raising their claws as they charge you. \
\
[round 1]\
\
As the battle rages below, out of the corner of your eye you see the cocoons suspended from the roof start to buck and shift, seeming to pulse from the inside. \
\
[round 2]\
\
The cocoons begin to writhe, and with horror you see that whatever seems to be inside is trying desperately to emerge.\
\
[round 3]\
\
The cocoons burst in a spray of visceral jelly, spilling their inhabitants onto the floor of the chamber. They land with splayed legs, but immediately pick themselves up and, still dripping with their birthing viscera, and launch themselves into the fight.\
\
\
}