{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Recap - floating islands\
Map!\
Colony - mother, father, women only with blue-green robes\
Direwolf\
Music\
Travel up the mountain - three rooms\
Final room - some sort of vault. Marble floors, copper bars sealing off one side of the room, where you can see a ladder set into the wall. A thick copper door is set into the bars. \
Four cases with items - Staff of the adder, Winged boots, mithral armour, claymore\
\
Mimic will jump whoever touches the claymore first. Be sure to describe the amount of noise being made, gold pieces and gems getting kicked around the room and skittering across the floor.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Fight with Haydn
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Weapon:\
\
Magical club, +7 to hit, 1d10 + 3 magical damage\
\
HP 57 : AC 14\
\
STR: 14, DEX: 12, WIS: 22, CON: 13, CHA: 12, INT: 10\
\
How Haydn fights:\
\
If he is fighting all of the PCs, he will cast Meld into stone as soon as possible, sinking into a wall or the floor to avoid them. If he is knocked to below 20hp, he will transform into an adult song dragon and fight as that thereafter. \
\
Reinforcements arrive by air (the wyrmlings flying) shortly after they are summoned. Haydn will emerge from stone form at this time to fight. \
\
Remember he has mass healing spells.\
Remember the lair actions on initiative 20.\
\
The song dragons sing songs of battle as they fight in human form, and even if they are transformed you still hear them call melodically to each other. Haydn shouts at the player characters as a human, getting increasingly upset with them as they kill his kin. Tears streak his face as he fights. Even if transformed, the dragon bellows in wounded rage as it attacks, and can still address the PCs. \
\
\'93Why must you ruin everything\'94\
\'93Is there no escape from the brutality?\'94\
\'93Leave us in peace\'94\
\'93This colony is my life\'92s work!\'94\
\
His spells are:\
\
4 level one, 3 level two, 3 level three, 3 level four, 1 level five\
\
Druidcraft\
Resistance\
Thunderwave\
Faerie Fire\
Entangle\
Purify food and drink\
Lesser Restoration\
Spike Growth\
Hold person\
Dispel magic\
Call lightning\
Meld into stone\
Wind wall\
Ice storm\
Stoneskin\
Wall of fire\
Conjure Elemental\
\
\
\
After mimic fight, PCs hear a clank and a creak as the unmistakeable sound of a trapdoor opening is heard. As you look, a grey-robed figure descends the ladder and stands on the other side of the bars, looking in at you. Haydn shakes his head.\
\
\'93I see your true purpose here has revealed itself. I must admit I am disappointed - but perhaps I should know better by now. Outsiders always bring pain. I see you have slain my mimic. A prized possession of mine, and worth far more than your direwolf.\'94 \
\
He claps his hands, and you hear an odd grinding noise from four distinct points on the stone wall of the chamber behind Haydn. The stone appears to be warping, almost as a thick, viscous liquid, and as it peels away from the walls you see it build and resolve into four humanoid figures - some of the guards you have previously seen! They step forwards, hoisting their quarterstaves, but are stopped at a wave of a hand from Haydn.\
\
\'93I will give you one last chance to leave. Replace my items in their cases. Collect your ship, and begone. I will accept your wolf pup as restitution for my mimic.\'94\
\
[PCs] - probably fighty time\
\
His eyes glow with anger and he spits a command in druidic, throwing his hands out to the side. Tethir recognises the phrase: \'91Fetch the others\'92, and a lone starling takes off from his shoulder and disappears like a bullet up the passage containing the ladder. \
\
REMEMBER: THE TRUE FORM OF THE GUARDS IS AS SONG DRAGON WYRMLINGS\
In human form, the druids fight with quarterstaves and spells. 3x spells per human - POISON SPRAY IS A CANTRIP THOUGH\
\
As you slay the guard you reassert your weapon after delivering the finishing blow. But, rather than slumping to the floor as you expected, to your surprise you see the guard\'92s body contort and extend. Wings sprout from her back, her face lengthens into a snarling snout, and a thick tail extends behind her. This is a dragon!\
\
The first time a guard is killed, you hear an almighty roar echo around the island, a roar of pain and fury. If inside, dust shakes from the ceiling, and for Thia on the Breath the sound is so loud it is as if it is coming from everywhere at once. \
\
The PCs are on the opposite side of the bars, so the druids begin by casting entangle through the bars to hold the PCs in place. They will cast poison spray and thorn whip through the bars into the slowed PCs, who must climb over the top to get at them, or flee. Haydn shakes his head, muttering \'93it always comes to this\'94 as he makes his way back up the ladder. If he takes damage here he smiles at whoever deals it, mutters a word, and the wound closes up as he moves away. \
\
\
\
Be sure to cut to Thia during combat as well - dragons fighting her take their turns before or after she does, but resolve her combat at the same time. \
\
The Breath of Sune is slowly circling the island, engines humming as Waldor, Mundungus and the remaining crew members keep her in steady trim. From the captain\'92s deck, you hear a shout from Waldor: \'93Flyers! Coming up on the starboard side!\'94 The crew bundle to the railings, straining to see what he has spotted. Waldor slowly brings the monocular down from his eyes and sets his jaw grimly, passing it onto Thia. You bring the monocular up, and see a flight of four small dragons streaking towards you. They pass overhead, the crew gaping in amazement as their blue-green scales reflect the sunlight.\
\
\'93Are these friendlies?\'94 Waldor asks, as the dragons wheel about 100 yards off the stern, before diving dramatically towards the deck. \'93DOWN!\'94 yells Waldor, shoving Thia to the side as the dragons pass over the ship. Thrusting their heads downwards, the dragons exhale a frothing mix of gas and electricity, a crackling yellow-green cloud which quickly dissipates. The dragons flare dramatically before coming to rest on the prow of the ship, looking menacing. \'93Mundungus! Get the cannon! Boys, keep us flying!\'94 Waldor shouts orders to his crew before reaching under his duster and unsheathing two nasty-looking hand crossbows. Striding towards the prow, he prepares to fire. \
\
Remember the dragons will switch to human form and use their spells to pull the crew around. Thia is given control of the crew in terms of movement and directing attacks, but does not know about how much damage they will do or what their HP is. MAKE SURE TO TELL HER WHEN THEY LOOK BLOODIED. If any of the crew are downed, the other will move to try and rescue them. \
\
Dragons will swoop across the deck and attack using their breath weapon (REMEMBER RECHARGE 5/6). If the fight looks dicey, Mundungus grabs the modron cubes and hurls them to the deck, where they come to life. Mundungus screams at them to attack and they lurch towards the dragons.\
\
[second fight]\
\
Second PC fight is in the town, six druids this time. PCs could get there in a variety of ways. If they go back through the tunnels make it quick. If they come down the mountain all the better. \
\
After Thia\'92s fight, \
\
The ground starts to shake as you fight, and a vast shadow passes over the village. You look up in fear, and see the shape of the dragon you saw on your way to these accursed islands pass overhead. With a beat of it\'92s mighty wings it moves over you and is gone, and you are overcome by a sense of dread as the dragon glares down at you in hatred. \
\
Third fight is mother and two dragons at the clearing. At this point resolve the Thia fight if it hasn\'92t already so she can come and pick them up. Mother\'92s spells are pickable on the fly.\
\
Final fight is full crew + ship vs Haydn, in the air. The Breath itself has hit points per area - 75 for the balloon, damage resistance of 8, and 200 for the hull, damage resistance of 15. Haydn will crash into the ship to damage it, and will need to be damaged for 20hp to be forced away. When at half HP he lands heavily on the ship and fights directly. Remember his legendary actions - but avoid having him throw anyone over the side. \
\
REMEMBER THAT HAYDN WILL CONTINUE TO SHOUT AT THE PCS DURING COMBAT. HE IS INCENSED BY THE DEATH OF HIS FLOCK AND FIGHTS TO PROTECT THEM\
\
\
}