{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9340\viewh12080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Recap\
XP\
Gold\
\
One sentence each:\
\
State of the world\
Their plan\
Why\
What they did last time\
\
Ira\'92s death - run through by Curtis, Kratos had tried to stop him. \
\
Describe area:\
\
Geron\'92s shack burns merrily in front of you, black smoke billowing into the afternoon sky. The bodies of Ira\'92s gang lie where they fell, in various states of mutilation. Campbell\'92s corpse lies at your feet. Kratos stands apart with his back turned. The sky had been clear, but storm clouds quickly gather and there is a rumble of thunder somewhere in the distance. As you look in his direction, Kratos seems to radiate an aura of displeasure, something you can feel almost tangibly, making him seem larger than usual.\
\
Ira\'92s corpse:\
\
Ira\'92s corpse looks relatively unscathed, saved for the pool of slowly-drying blood bubbling slowly from the wound made by Curtis\'92 rapier, directly through his breastbone. His battered hat lies on the floor next to him, and the constantly-clacking monocle has fallen silent. \
\
Searching his corpse reveals a small black notebook full of mechanical diagrams and scribbles, a wax pencil, d6 x d10 gold pieces and three cubes, eight-inches in side.  \
\
The cubes are made of burnished copper, and seem to be deeply layered, as if parts can slide around each other. Looking closely, you can see cogs, gears and pipes all packed in next to each other, packed so tight that you cannot see from one side of the cube to another.\
\
Detect magic reveals some sort of magical energy inside the cubes.\
\
Enryn knows some stuff:\
\
Kratos' dagger - thinks he knows the exact tribe it came from - but they are located a long way to the West. Can't remember the name. Next best people to ask are the master crafters in Altdorf.\
\
Crater - magical assassination attempt, they say. I've been around mages long enough to have picked up a thing or two - from the people I've asked it seems that several spells went off together, causing a critical mass which set the air on fire. \
\
Kislev - travelled all over the Sword Coast, but less frequently across the seas to Altdorf \
\
Has been to Arkhosia - knows of the grand palaces there, still scarred from the war with Bael Turath. He flew over Bael Turath once, but his ship was set up on by flying harpies and he lost 3 men. Doesn't like to talk about it. \
\
Cannot believe the state of the world - how is it possible that relations have deteriorated this far? Suspects something else is going on - maybe even something bigger than Katarina Holic. Wonders if it has anything to do with the rise of the Dark Dragons - a shadowy cult dedicated to Takhisis that is gaining influence in the Empire.\
\
Clacks - spine of the Weimar empire. Were fledgling chains when Tristan Weimar rose to power, but since Katarina Holic became his advisor significant investment has been sunk into them. Not sure if they are all manned by Kenku. \
\
World maps/charts - locked in the stowage locked under the deck. \
\
Sleeping arrangements - hammocks. Eating - rations. \
\
Asks if Angron is just a hireling - a mercenary. Doesn't speak to Flask directly (as he's just a slave) but asks Curtis(?) what he's doing with them. \
Asks what their problem is with Ira Campbell, or what his problem is with them. How do they plan to find him? \
Chaotic Good - will try not to hurt Weimar soldiers if he can - says they are just following orders\
Asks Thia how she is feeling given the war between her compatriots and the humans\
\
The Breath\
\
As they arrive back Waldor has kept the ship ready to go, the balloon is inflated and it strains against its moorings as though eager to take off. The Kenku, he advises, have snuck off the ship and made their way into the undergrowth, and he didn\'92t see fit to try and stop them, preferring instead to be ready to leave. The crew are hard at work tying off lines and cleaning, and even Mundungus has stepped in to help. Waldor is chewing on a cigar as he oils the bearings of his steering wheel. As you return he glances into the air, and a light drizzle begins to fall. \'91Pressure dropped just now. Sudden like. Strange. Don\'92t get that often around here - it\'92s normally pretty stable. Y\'92all about ready to cast off?\'92\
\
The Modron Cubes:\
\
Mundungus can open these, but perhaps not straight away - maybe he needs some time with the book to figure them out. \
\
As the ship begins to fly, presumably Kratos retires to his shrine downstairs. Katie, one of Enryn\'92s crew members, is particularly interested by this and Kratos finds her gazing at the holy symbols he has daubed on the underside of the deck. She didn\'92t know there were gods other than Akadi, and asks Kratos if he can tell her more about Sune.\
\
She asks if there are other gods too? Do they fight like we do?\
\
Weather remains cloudy, overcast, drizzly, misty. Visibility is limited, but Enryn actually thinks this will give you an advantage when sneaking around. Where do they want to go next?\
\
Modron encounter: Tridrones\
\
You watch aghast as legs start to emerge from the boxes, metal tubes extending from each other to form a complex lattice of five legs, three arms holding what look like spears. The box itself compresses; additional plates slide out from within and form an inverted pyramid, the arms and legs sliding into place on the outside of the construction. You wonder how so much material could have been contained in those tiny cubes, and conclude that either these things are extremely spindly, or there is some arcane magic at work. Finally, on each face of the pyramid a disturbingly human eye flicks open, a piercing gaze searching for targets. \
\
Aerial encounters:\
\
Waldor keeps the airship low, where the clouds are thinner. \'91We won\'92t be able to get above the clouds at our current weight\'92, he explains, \'91and visibility will only get worse the higher we go\'92. The deck is lashed with drizzle and the constant drumming is enough to give you a headache. The crew have thrown ponchos around themselves as they move around the ship, and Waldor seems perfectly comfortable as he shrugs into his buttoned-up duster on the captain\'92s deck.\
\
*move out from land over sea, or whatever direction they take*\
\
Random aerial encounters\
\
Person with highest perception notices a shape in the gloom to the starboard side. It seems to be getting closer\'85\
\
\'91BRACE FOR IMPACT! Hang onto something!\'92 yells Waldor as the shape emerges from the clouds. It\'92s another airship, larger than the Breath, sturdier, looking like it was built more for battle. It\'92s coming towards you prow-first, high, so that it will impact on the top deck of the Breath. You look up and see a roughly-carved figurehead of a dwarf towering over you.\
\
\'91Captain! It\'92s the Flight!\'92 Shouts one of the crew. \'91By Akadi\'92s wings\'85 he\'92s right! But what\'92s she doing out here?\'92 Waldor mutters, almost to himself. You don\'92t have time to ask what he means, because a number of bird people drop down onto your deck!\
\
With large, powerful wings, these birdmen stand around 5 feet tall, except for three larger, more powerfully built specimens who are taller again. The smaller ones wear leather armour and wield javelins, and the larger ones mail armour, and they are swinging bolos lazily as their beady eyes look for targets. Their plumage is dull and faded, but looks like it was once a vibrant rusty colour. As you look more closely, their armour is in need of repairs, but their weapons look sharp and well maintained. \
\
As the birds drop, a beat of their wings slows their fall and they land gracefully, but they seem to be awaiting orders. They caw and chatter to each other as they drop, or maybe they are mocking you, you can\'92t tell. As they land though, they fall silent. \
\
Another bird appears at the prow of the ship, and he looks to be wearing a hat very similar to Waldor\'92s. This bird has affixed a stuffed parrot to his shoulder and seems to be wearing an eyepatch. He thrusts his arm out, holding the shortsword aloft, and skwawks angrily. It seems to have been an order to his troops, as they shriek in acknowledgement and swoop into attack you, leaping high off the deck and riding forwards on their wings. \
\
Captain has alchemists fire, on his first turn he throws them onto the ship\'92s deck. The crew rush to beat out the fires and are of no use in combat. Any creature ending up in the fire takes 1d6 fire damage.\
\
8 Aarakocra, 3 bruisers and captain\
\
On turn 1: Fire, Waldor shouts, \'91The ship is listing! We can\'92t take the weight! It\'92s taking us down!\'92\
On turn 2: Clear the fire! Waldor is struggling with the wheel, which isn\'92t responding due to the weight of the other ship. Mundungus! Give me full power! The gnome shouts something back but you lose it in the clash of swords\
On turn 3: You feel the wind whistling past you, and the dropping of your stomachs and popping of your ears makes you realise you\'92re descending rather quickly\
On turn 4: The mist begins to clear and you can see that you\'92re heading towards the sea at a rate of knots!\
On turn 5: Waldor turns and throws open a box attached to the deck behind him. A large parachute immediately deploys, violently yanking the ship backwards and throwing anyone who fails a DC18 DEX check to the floor. The Flight slips loose, descending rapidly, and as it goes you see that it\'92s balloon is holed and leaking air rapidly. The engines (it has two) whine as they pass in front of you, and the ship beaches sickeningly into the surf, the prow sinking well below the waves. The parachute holds for just long enough before tearing a chunk out of the upper deck and spinning away into the air\
\
Ship is the Flight of Valkauna, Enryns\'92 other ship. The crew are on board, tied up in a back room. The ship is devastated and ravaged by the aarakorca pirates. The captain\'92s hat belongs to the crew. \
\
}