{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13940\viewh15160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Do we want to schedule every Tuesday?\
Recap\
  - crash landed on island\
  - castle in the centre\
  - engines are dead, power source under castle/tower\
  - snuck past/killed guard\
  - first level = living quarters/storage - snuck past guards\
  - second level = prison\
  - hear the sounds of caged animals\
\
Prison level is much larger than you first saw from the spiral stairwell. You realise you have come out onto some sort of upper level, and the prison opens out beneath you, which explains the cacophony of noise you can hear. Your level is a sort of walkway running around the top of a larger hall, which you can see down into. There are two long rectangular blocks of cells in the centre, with more cells running down the walls. As you peer over the edge, you see that directly below you, about 30 feet down, is what looks like some sort of seating area, with scarred wooden tables and chairs scattered over the floor. The area is dimly lit by torches, with patches of darkness between them. The smell is\'85not good, you get the impression the cells are not cleaned often. The drow guards you saw previously exited the prison floor at the far end, through a solid-looking archway. The power source you can feel is directly below the centre of this floor, and you can see what looks like a pit leading down to it. There are bundles of thick brown wires protruding from the pit, running along the floor towards the doors of the cells. \
\
At some point: drow guards notice the party and call for help. \
\
Description of drow: professional-looking, hardened veterans. Mostly the same weapons, shortswords and shortbows, ideal for close quarters fighting. Each of them have a dagger strapped to their chest or hanging at their waist. Their quivers are full of black-feathered arrows.\
\
Drow fight with 8 drow - remember drow will use poisoned dirks, darkness and fairie fire\
\
Also: darkness can be cast on an object (eg, Thia\'92s staff) to prevent any vision around it. Levitate can be used to hold dangerous PCs in place. Remember poison daggers - can put PCs to sleep for up to an hour!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Clap, clap clap. \'93Congratulations!\'94 A wet, guttural voice seeps through the shadows, as you hear the clap of leather-gloved hands. \'93You have done well to get so far - although I must admit disappointment at the slovenly way my guards have conducted themselves.\'94 You peer around for the source of the voice, and see a dark-skinned elf standing on the top level of the prison, back at the top of the stairs. Another drow! He is flanked by two longbow-wielding archers, their faces obscured by the darkness of their hoods. The drow wears light hessian robes with large sleeves that cover his hands, and as he steps forward you see he is wearing a mask made of some darkened metal. As you turn to look at him, he reaches up and slowly removes the mask. His cruel features are caught by the torchlight and illuminated. The elf is hook nosed, with white hair that is lank and thinning. One of his eyes is a milky white, presumably blind. A jolt of recognition shocks through Flask and a sense of foreboding through Thia. \'91My Dark Dragons are becoming quite irritated with your constant interruptions\'94. The elf rasps, coughing throatily. Noting your reactions, he says: \'93I see my reputation precedes me. I am Vosker do\'92Seren. You will know of course, that seeing my face is a kiss of death. You will not leave this island alive.\'94\
\
As you start to respond, the elf raises a hand from his robes. \'93Please do not do anything rash!\'94, he drawls. You hear the tramping of feet, and spinning around you see the glinting of arrowheads amongst dark cowls and leather armour rounding the corners of the dungeon. \
\
Vosker snaps his fingers, and a low rumble starts deep in the earth beneath your feet, rising to a crescendo that vibrates your teeth in your heads. Suddenly you feel the air compress and the pressure builds to an apex before dissipating in a shockwave. You stagger, your footing uneven, as Vosker stands calmly, indifferent to your fear. \'93We have finished extracting our useful assets from this site. My men have triggered a powerful spell deep within the keep that will tear the island apart, and you with it. You may try and escape if you wish - I can assure you it will be futile. Come.\'94 Vosker turns on his heel and walks away, striding back up the stairs as his troops close in behind him. You spin around, ready to attack the elves that have surrounded you, only to find that they too have melted away to nothing. \
\
The tower begins to shake violently, and masonry begins to fall from the walls and roof. The remaining caged creatures begin to bay and hurl themselves at their cages, perhaps sensing what is to come. The torches stream and start to go out as the magical energies grow stronger. Blue light pours from the hole in the floor, illuminating the prison above.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [What do PCs do?] Power source is in flux, the pressure builds and then dissipates in waves, each thump dislodging more masonry from the walls and roof. \
\
\
Power source - if PCs go downstairs - is a crystal similar to the one fixed into the engine on the Breath of Sune. It sits upon a round, raised dais, set into a metal holder. It is easily 6 feet tall, and far too heavy to move or carry. A variety of wires lead off it, heading back up through the gap into the prison. The crystal seems to be full of a deep blue light that builds to a piercing brightness and fades again in time with the pulsating energy.\
\
[What do they do]\
\
The frequency of the power surges increases, as does the intensity. Being this close to the crystal, it is all you can do to stay on your feet as the energies surge from the stone. \
\
[What do they do]\
\
Prod them - Magic users realise that Thia can probably harness the energy of the stone even as it is running out of control.\
\
Games of pairs:\
\
As Thia places her hands on the stone she seems to enter some sort of trance - her eyes roll back into her head and her body goes rigid. For Thia, she sees the magic as a iridescent stream, needing to be tamed and channeled. In her minds eye, she attempts to shape the wild and undulating magic of the stone into something she can contain inside herself. \
\
Rounds of combat between these for all who have stayed\
\
Level 1: 60 seconds, 9 cards\
\
The magics flowing through the stone begin to make sense - Thia starts to see where the threads begin and end. Pulling on this thread will unravel this barrier, tying this one will bring the power together.\
\
The very air seems to bend around Thia, warping and twisting until suddenly, it breaks. Like a tear in a taut canvas you gaze in terror upon a twisted, elemental plane. You catch a glimpse of blackened rocks and swirling vortices of magical energy, before a deluge of horrifying creatures pour through the void!\
\
The demons seem to be made from thick black smoke, their appearance flowing and shifting by the second. Sometimes resembling spiders, beasts, humanoids, with multiple eyes and razor sharp needles for teeth, they are truly the stuff of nightmares. The sound of their chittering fills the hall as they pour through the void.\
\
Level 2: 90 seconds, 12 cards\
\
Clearer now, Thia brings the magic info focus. She siphons a powerful mass of energy into one area - this could be the magic she feels she can take into herself. \
\
Level 3: 150 seconds, 16 cards\
\
Lightning appears to crackle over Thia\'92s body as she moves the magic from the stone to herself. You smell burning flesh - the stone has turned red hot where Thia\'92s hands make contact with it. There is one final thump, and Thia is thrown bodily from the stone, coming to rest slumped against the round walls of the well. \
\
On failure: Thia takes 1d10 pure magic damage and rolls on the wild magic surge table. \
\
On leaving: Thia cannot walk but is conscious. If she chooses to cast a spell, it does double damage but guarantees a roll on the wild magic table. \
\
If PCs are running remember that a giant ape will turn up and batter enemies out of the way. Down the hill, over the river and back to the Breath. The rain continues to beat down, the water vaporised by the thrumming of the crystal. The pulsations grow ever closer, beating to a crescendo as you make your way along the waterfront to the crash site.\
\
As you arrive back at the Breath, you realise with relief that the crew have the balloon inflated. The ship has lifted out of the mud lightly, and you can see that the front of the lower deck is all but destroyed, Kratos\'92 shrine to Sune gone. As you approach, Huey angrily shouts at you. \'93Where have you been?! We\'92ve been surrounded all night! Katie\'92s almost dead!\'94 \
\
Katie is slumped in the central covered area of the ship, her face pale and her breathing shallow. Waldor has been propped up with a makeshift man-sized splint at the wheel, his jaw set with determination. \
\
Mundungus catches a look at Thia \'91Akadi\'92s wings\'85 you better get her to the engines quick!\'92 Barely conscious, Thia places her hands on the crystal, with the last of her strength directs her newfound energy to flow into the stone. \
\
3 x arcana checks DC18 - 1 success before 3 failures, else wild magic table. The energies flow freely from Thia into the crystal, and anyone looking can see the flow of bright blue magical essence into the heart of the crystal. Mundungus gazes in awe at Thia. \'91I\'92ve never seen anything like it\'92 he breathes, but is interrupted by a yell from Waldor \'91FIRE THOSE ENGINES LAWN ORNAMENT, WE ARE LEAVING\'92. Mundungus flips some switches and the engine propellor spins to life, whining as it spins faster than you\'92ve ever seen it before. The Breath lumbers into the air, aerodynamics shot to hell, as Huey and Dewey scamper about the place hauling lines and trimming sails. \
\
Waldor climbs as fast as he can, and from behind you comes a sound like you\'92ve never heard before - it\'92s as if the very earth itself is screaming. A final buildup of pressure, the largest yet, ripples through your flesh, causing the balloon above you to buck and strain against it\'92s bindings. You can just make out the castle on Devil\'92s Peninsula below you, and as the pressure breaks it seems to distort and fall away into an impenetrable black hole of darkness. With an almighty crash, a large section of the island seems to implode, dragging the mountains, trees and structures with it. As the black hole grows, you fear you are not yet fair enough away, as the engine strains ever harder against the pull behind it. \
\
After what seems like an eternity, with a final zip, the hole collapses almost instantly into itself, leaving an almighty crater that seems intent on draining the seas of the sword coast. You made it. You are safe.\
\
}