{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14640\viewh14980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Stuff to mention:\
\
Don\'92t recover ALL spent hit dice after a long rest - recover half in fact\
\
On the airship Breath of Sune, Waldor Enryn is at the helm, struggling desperately to keep the ship flying as it is being borne to the ground by the weight of the Flight of Valkauna, taken over by pirates of a species of flying bird-men you don\'92t recognise. About 10 of them attacked your ship, divebombing you with spears and bolos, but now only the captain and two wounded henchmen remain.\
\
The ships are descending fast, and as the rainclouds clear you see the waves of the ocean sprawling out below you, the sea grey and uninviting. In a brief moment of clarity amongst the clamour of combat, you wonder how cold it is in there. \
\
On turn 5: Waldor turns and throws open a box attached to the deck behind him. A large parachute immediately deploys, violently yanking the ship backwards and throwing anyone who fails a DC18 DEX check to the floor. The Flight slips loose, descending rapidly, and as it goes you see that it\'92s balloon is holed and leaking air rapidly. The engines (it has two) whine as they pass in front of you, and the ship beaches sickeningly into the surf, the prow sinking well below the waves. The parachute holds for just long enough before tearing a chunk out of the upper deck and spinning away into the air\
\
Free of the extra weight at last, Waldor finally seems to regain some control of the ship. Once again he screams to Mundungus to give him more power, and the gnome yells something back from the depths of the ship. The ship jolts again, and you realise with a sudden nausea that Waldor can\'92t stop the descent. \
\
\'91BRACE YOURSELVES\'92 he shouts, turning the ship hard to starboard. Glancing ahead, you unexpectedly glimpse land! What looks like a jungle island rises from the sea before you, tall trees, jagged rocks and thick vegetation. You can\'92t be sure, but you think you see some sort of structure high on a cliff, illuminated by a flash of lightning. Here, below the clouds, the rain is fierce, stinging your eyes as the Breath spears towards the canopy. \
\
With an almighty crash and the sound of splintering wood, the ship slams into the ground, uprooting trees and churning the earth where the prow hits. Waldor is the only one still standing, and it appears he\'92s managed to land the ship flat. The rigging is torn as trees whip past, the air balloon threatening to escape entirely, before with a final crack, the ship comes to rest against something hard and you are thrown from your brace positions, blacking out from the impact.\
\
***\
\
When you come to, you see that your initial impressions were correct - this is indeed a jungle, although perhaps not a jungle paradise as you might have hoped. The rain continues to beat down, and you\'92re not sure how much time has passed, but it must be at least a few hours, because night has fallen. It\'92s very dark, the jungle looming forbodingly in front of you. An occasional crack of lightning illuminates your surroundings harshly, and the overriding smell is one of dank vegetation.\
\
[Remaining bird-men are gone]\
\
Waldor is nowhere to be found. Huey, Duey and Katie are distraught - Louie, their brother, was crushed by a falling beam whilst trying to haul Mundungus out of the engine room and killed instantly. Katie is crouched over his body sobbing, whilst the brothers stand ashen-faced behind her. All of them have cuts and bruises but are otherwise ok.\
\
Mundungus is slumped against the wall of the engine room, which is eerily dark. The blue crystals that power both engines are dead and cold. Mundungus himself is clutching his arm to his chest. \'93I can\'92t move it\'94 he says \'93I think it\'92s broken\'94.\
\
Waldor (if searched for) was thrown from the ship as he piloted it in. Mundungus growls \'93never met a braver man than that one. We\'92d be dead if it wasn\'92t for him. If we\'92d landed any other way the ship walls would have collapsed and we\'92d be food for the animals\'94. You find Waldor face down in a bush, both legs badly broken. He is only semi-conscious.\
\
[PC actions - map? Waldor asks after the crew and closes his eyes in pain when/if told of Louie. Licky?]\
\
Resting - CHECK RATIONS - whoever is on watch hears a cacophony of noises through the rain. Some of them normal - bird calls, the occasional insect buzzing past, but also the sounds of movement through the dense undergrowth. At one point, the trees in the distance seem to be swaying so violently that you take up your weapon ready for combat as something crashes towards you, but at the last second the jungle falls silent again. \
\
Three stealth rolls vs random passive perception checks -> +5 due to the rain and darkness.\
\
1 ration stolen per person for each successful roll. If all three successful lose 5 rations each. [maybe also Curtis leather armour?]\
\
As day dawns you notice that there appear to be animal runs of sorts made through the undergrowth. The ship crash seems to have ploughed straight through one of these, giving you a potential path out of camp. Thia and Tethir can feel a magical power source emanating from the castle you can see jutting from the hill above. The camp is criss-crossed with small human-looking footprints, and your stock of rations has been pillaged.\
\
Crew will stay to look after/try to repair ship with Waldor and Mundungus. The balloon has been deflated and stowed as far as possible. \
\
Encounter list:\
Ask PCs how they proceed - marching order etc? If marching order set and they want a scout that person could take the checks. If not, roll D6 and pick one at random.\
\
One roll - nonsense. A flock of birds takes off from the canopy above you and flaps into the sky, swanking madly. You wonder if that will tip anyone or thing off to your presence\'85\
\
Deep mud - DC15 Survival check to recognise the danger. Otherwise see page here:\
\
https://www.tribality.com/2015/01/23/monsters-traps-for-a-dd-5e-jungle-adventure/ \
\
Boats - hydra insignia on a scrap of paper affixed to the crates. Two boats\
\
Two rolls - nothing. Some unidentified fruit grows on a nearby bush, looking succulent and inviting. A sort of fleshy orange mass with purple nodules. \
\
Hidden pit - DC15 perception to notice two daubed symbols trees either side of the rudimentary animal run.. DC15 investigation check to confirm it\'92s a cover for a pit. If fall into the pit 2d6 falling damage. \
\
Roll - you get the feeling you are being watched from the canopy. Occasionally you hear a swishing sound, and the trees around you sway out of time with the wind, rustling as they do so. \
\
As you come into what passes for a clearing in this dense jungle you glance up into the canopy and see number of apes peering back down at you. [30ft trees] One of them slowly moves his hand to his mouth, and you recognise that he\'92s eating one of your stolen rations! \
\
As you move through the jungle you hear a rushing river. The trees close in overhead, so the amount of sky visible is negligible. The river cascades down a waterfall you can hear, but not see nearby as the river disappears around a left-hand band. The water is brown and you can see dirt and silt churning in the water. Occasionally what looks like a tree branch is swept past. \
Cross river - swarm of quippers therein. GET STATS\
Anyone falling in the river must pass a DC15 STR check or be swept 20 feet downriver on their turn. \
\
RECAP:\
\
Crash landed on island\
Louie dead\
Kratos, heartwarder of Sune, performed a touching ceremony\
Inspiration for all - someone\'92s used theirs - one time allowing them to roll over between sessions\
Fell into a pit, got stuck in quicksand/quickmud\
Apes stole rations\
Tethir talked to some plants\
Found a river - found a way across\
\
Jungle - dense vegetation, thick mud, dripping wet from the pouring rain. As you shoulder and hack your way through, you hear the screaming of jungle beasts and the buzzing of insects. The smell is deadened by the rain, but is one of intense dankness.\
\
Roll - vegetation looks more vibrant here. Heading uphill, you puff and pant as you shove your way though the undergrowth. As you attack the plantlike, angry insects fly up and sting any exposed skin. Occasionally you catch a glimpse of the apes who stole your lunch peering down at you from the treetops. They seem to be keeping pace with you, keeping a watchful eye on you from the treetops. \
\
Roll - footprints. Big ones. Seem to be barefoot. You shudder thinking at the size of the thing that must have made these. \
\
DC15 perception to notice more symbols - different to those before, painted on the trees - DC18 survival to note the remains of a human-looking hand hanging from the mouth of a nearby bush. These plants must be carnivorous! The hand drops to the ground with a splat as the jaws of the plant lazily open up, perhaps sensing fresh meat. Like a Venus flytrap, only standing 6-8 feet tall with an untold number of tendrils curling along the jungle ground, the flytrap whips out a tendril at it\'92s unsuspecting prey.\
\
CARNIVEROUS PLANTS x4 - they reveal themselves one at a time and can also shoot poison spines. They will cast entangle to keep the party in an area and then pepper them with the spines.\
\
Plants will grapple nearby PCs and either reel them in or throw them back into the arena\
\
Roll - in a crack of lightning, you catch a glimpse of what you think is a huge humanoid figure shouldering its way through the jungle to your right. It does so dextrously though, and with far less effort than it is taking you. \
\
Upon arrival at ruined castle:\
\
An entire wall has collapsed here, brought down by a combination of time and nature. Great roots and tendrils worm through the stone, which you can pick your way over to allow yourself access to the inner sanctum. You notice two great doors in the rubble, and surmise that this must once have been the gatehouse. The rain continues to beat down. It is quiet here apart from the rain - the animal noises seem to have stopped entirely. You see several corpses in various states of decay - lizards, birds, and one that looks disturbingly human - there are scraps of dark clothing still wrapped around the bones.\
\
The central tower looms above you, and there are columns, some ruined, which may once have supported a roof. A half-hearted attempt has been made to clear the scrub here, and several of the trees seem to have been uprooted and piled into a rudimentary nest at the base of the tower. As you step inside the walls, they span off to your left and right from the bases of the guard towers. The remains of stone buttresses are still apparent.\
\
As you step carefully though the rubble, you disturb a large lizard, maybe six feet in length, which startled, runs away off to your left, through the courtyard. As it passes under one of the buttresses it is abruptly snatched up by a giant hand, the owner of which is blocked to you by the stonework. You hear, even over the sound of the rain, a wet ripping noise, and half of the lizard drops back to the ground with a slap, blood dripping from the torn edges.\
\
An ape similar to those that have been following you unfolds itself from the far side of the buttress, landing in front of you. Spying the intruders, the ape rears onto its hind legs and beating it\'92s chest, roars ferociously. The sound is deafening and you clutch your ears to try and block out what little you can. \
\
Suddenly other smaller apes emerge from the canopy and swing or jump their way onto the walls and the remaining pillars, hooting and jumping though in response to the call of the giant. Lowering it\'92s head, the giant ape sinks to all fours and charges headlong towards you!\
\
Ape - will disengage and climb towers to throw rocks - remember that additional apes throw rocks as well. Should be sufficient cover for PCs, but they must use it properly. Also remember that ape can grapple. Ape acts first - charges across open ground then swings up onto an overhanging buttress/piece of wall.\
\
Rock is 2x2 AOE - BUT has a DC17 DEX saving throw to completely avoid damage. PC moves to unaffected space\
\
Smaller apes - appear at the end of round 1 - hurling rocks from on high. They don\'92t come down unless desperate, or unless knocked down. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
End of fight:\
\
Clap, clap clap. \'93Congratulations!\'94 A wet, guttural voice seeps through the shadows, as you hear the clap of leather-gloved hands. \'93You made it past our little guard dog.\'94 You peer around for the source of the voice, and see a dark-skinned elf walking towards you from the direction of the inner sanctum. A Drow! He strides from the shadows, flanked by two longbow-wielding archers, their faces obscured by the darkness of their hoods. He wears dark robes with large sleeves that cover his hands and as he steps forward his face is illuminated, and a jolt of recognition shocks through Flask and a sense of foreboding through Thia. \'91My Dark Dragons are becoming quite irritated with your constant interruptions\'94. The elf rasps, coughing throatily. \'93I see my reputation precedes me. I am Vosker do\'92Seren. You will know of course, that hearing my name is a kiss of death. You will not leave this island alive.\'94\
\
\'93Please do not do anything rash!\'94 He flicks his hand towards the tops of the walls, and casting your gaze upwards you see the glinting of arrowheads amongst dark cowls and leather armour, lining the remnants of the walls. \
\
Vosker snaps his fingers, and a low rumble starts deep in the earth beneath your feet, rising to a crescendo that vibrates your teeth in your heads. Suddenly you feel the air compress and the pressure builds to an apex before dissipating in a shockwave. You stagger, your footing uneven, as Vosker stands calmly, indifferent to your fear. \'93We have already extracted our useful assets from this site. My mages have triggered a powerful spell deep within the keep that will tear the island apart, and you with it. You may try and escape if you wish - I can assure you it will be futile. Come.\'94 Vosker turns on his heel and walks away, and you catch sight of what must be a mage hastily creating a glowing door in thin air. Vosker and his men step forward into the shining portal, and are gone as it winks closed behind them. \
\
[Note - archers on the walls also melt away into the shadows as Vosker makes his disappearance.]\
}