{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13740\viewh15160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Recap:\
\
Breath of Sune crashed on jungle island - Devil\'92s Peninsula. Waldor injured. Louie dead. Engines dead. Power source felt at the centre of the island. In the ruined castle. PCs making their way up to it. \
\
Carnivorous plants. Nearly got torn apart. Approached the castle. Got to the wall the path led to. Didn\'92t go through that breach - instead moved around the side under the cover of great stealth, snuck close to the entrance to the tower. \
\
5 drow guards! Shortbows and scimitars, chainmail armour, professional looking. They don\'92t know you\'92re there after you rolled like a 30 for stealth. \
\
\
Scene:\
\
The tower looms in the sky above you. It is still raining, and the drow have their oilskin cloaks on with their hoods up, shielding them from the deluge. Torches splutter in sconces by the doorway, throwing flicking shadows over the scene. You are close enough to hear the elves talking, although you cannot understand the guttural garglings of undercommon. You are currently shielded by extra stealth, but you know this will not last forever.\
\
\
\
What is going on:\
\
Tower is the entrance to a larger underground structure. The stones are grey, and slick with moisture - the ground must be so saturated that the bricks are unable to keep the water out, and you can hear constant dripping, with rivulets of water running down the walls. A few torches burn in holders.\
\
The first floor is converted rooms with cots etc in for sleeping, weapon storage, food and supplies. There is a stairway down at one end, which leads downwards to a second, lower level. This is some sort of prison - there are two central corridors splitting off the stairway, with cells off to the sides. The doors seem solidly closed, and you can feel the thrum of magical power getting stronger as you descend into the earth. There is a cacophony of bestial noises down here, ranging from the screams you heard in the jungle to deep, bellowing roars. \
\
The smaller doors are solid metal, but the larger ones have bars allowing you to see into the cells. In the cells you recognise with a cold shock some more juvenile hydras, their five dragon-like heads still fresh in your memory. Other animals are present too - some you recognise and some you don\'92t. All of them however, appear sickly and malnourished, some of them injured. Many are brutally shackled to the floor or the walls of the cells with heavy iron manacles.\
\
Examples: dragon wyrmlings, dire wolves, even an injured flind \
\
Down the wide corridor, you see several drow guards jabbing spears through the gaps in the bars of one of the larger cells, laughing cruelly at the screams of whatever is inside that cell. They open the gate and out stumbles a large ape, wearing some sort of armour that looks to have been welded directly onto its body. Cowed and broken, it roars feebly at the elves before being driven down the corridor away from you - and you lose sight of the group as they round the corner. \
\
\
\
At either end of the prison level are larger octagonal rooms - one of them has a dais in the centre of the floor and magical sigils daubed everywhere - on the floors, the walls, the ceilings, everywhere. This room is currently dark, but is normally presumably lit by candles, given the amount of them there are melted to the floor. On the octagonal pedestal is one large magical symbol, that you do not seem to recognise. The sigils appear to be daubed with red paint, and not blood as you first feared.\
\
At the other end, a similarly sized room, 15 feet high at it\'92s centre with another octagonal dais, has two thick copper posts driven into either side of the plinth, covered in runes. On the points of the octagon towards the back of the room, stand smaller copper towers inset with glowing gems.\
\
\
Ape fight in corridor?\
\
As you make your way down the corridor, you hear a bellow of displeasure from the end of the dungeon. You look towards the corner, where you see a few drow jailers trying desperately beat back an attacker. As you watch, one of them rounds the corner, disarmed, but stops dead when he sees you, thoroughly confused. This is enough time for an enormous, black haired arm to grab him by the shoulder and haul him back around the corner. There are screams, followed by a wet ripping sound, and what looks like about half the drow are hurled against the wall, slapping into it and sliding to a heap in the corner. \
\
Heavy footsteps boom as the giant ape rounds the corner. A hulking great shape covered in matted black hair, it almost fills the corridor. In one hand it holds the remains of the drow it has just dismembered, and even at this distance you can see its red eyes glaring balefully from under its jutting brow. Catching sight of you, the ape beats its chest and roars, tossing its head and spraying saliva, before dropping to all fours and charging headlong at you. \
\
APE: will attempt to throw PCs about and into each other if possible. It smashes a smaller cage, apes spilling into the corridor and joining the battle. Smaller apes throw rocks and try to stay disengaged, where possible. \
\
Ape - will disengage and climb towers to throw rocks - remember that additional apes throw rocks as well. Should be sufficient cover for PCs, but they must use it properly. Also remember that ape can grapple. Ape acts first - charges across open ground then swings up onto an overhanging buttress/piece of wall.\
\
Rock is 2x2 AOE BUT has a DC17 DEX saving throw to completely avoid damage. PC moves to unaffected space\
\
Smaller apes - appear at the end of round 1 - hurling rocks from on high. They don\'92t come down unless desperate, or unless knocked down. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}