{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16900\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 18/12/2019\
\
Recap - spend time on this, discussion, make clear that Haydn is very dangerous\
Ensure all positions are correct, check spell usages\
Hit points, Ki, paladin points\
Possibility of bi-weekly sessions next year? Commit to it like we would football, rugby\
\
Flask and Curtis are at the top of the mountain at the centre of the floating isles, standing at some sort of horn which projects your voices, magically or otherwise, out into the atmosphere. The blanket of silence still rests over the island following your performance of the scribbled music you\'92ve found over the last few days. Time seems to have slowed down for you, and you find yourself noticing your surroundings as if for the first time. \
\
The ground under you is rough and rocky, the rock is some sort of shale which chips and splinters at any impact. Small tufts of hardy grass and moss grow in the cracks. It\'92s a clear day, the air cold this high up, and you notice ice crystals blowing on the wind, heralding the arrival of even colder weather. You look around you, your armour creaking as you turn, and see the wooden archway set deep into the rock, the standing pillars easily a foot thick and a heavy curved bough completing the arch. The arch looks like it might have been painted once - but the harsh winds and ice have stripped most of it away. A wave of warmth hits you from the ceremonial copper bowl behind the arch - easily five feet across, it burns merrily with the oil Flask threw into it. \
\
The flames illuminate Kratos, who is frozen in place with his back to the archway, keeping it between him and you. Even in slow motion he is obviously breathing heavily, trying to overcome a deep terror. You look back to your right, and see the muscled form of Angron charging past you hefting a javelin, purple cloak flapping in the wind, his crown already tarnishing slightly where it touches his skin. His mouth open in a half-snarl, half-scream, his tusk-like incisors are prominent as he wrenches his arm down and releases the javelin only inches from your face.\
\
Reacting as fast as your heightened senses will allow, you yank your head out of the way in time and follow the javelin\'92s path. What you see causes you to take a step back in fear - a massive dragon, body the size of four oxen carts and a wingspan of four times that again, is struggling to it\'92s feet. With unerring focus you look into the creatures eyes, and see it struggling to regain consciousness - whatever spell you weaved seems to have brought it low. As you watch, the javelin impacts into the creatures neck and its pupils snap back to focus, the pain cutting through whatever fug was affecting it\'92s mind. \
\
With a shriek, the dragon flaps it\'92s mighty wings, rising into the air. You are almost deafened as it bellows at you once more, and are battered by what feels like a wall of air as the dragon beats its wings harder and harder.\
\
[Damage rolls - DC19 Dex saving throw or 2d6+6 bludgeoning damage as bits of rock and shale pelt the PCs - remember to knock back 30 feet\
\
As it clears some space, the dragon pirouettes in the air and dives below the line of the mountain, disappearing from view. If nothing else, you have bought yourself some time. \
\
MEANWHILE, on the Breath of Sune Thia surveys the scene. There are scorch marks visible on the prow, and the balloon has been hastily rigged to keep stable. Mundungus is frantically shoving shot and gunpowder into his blunderbuss whilst Waldor yanks the ships wheel to the right, keeping you on course for the mountaintop. Two dragon wyrmlings struggle to their feet on the deck, before slipping deftly over the side. You watch them as they go, their wings snapping out to take them into a hard glide back in the direction of the island. \
\
Off the starboard bow, the flight of giant owls summoned by Tethir still battle courageously against a young dragon, a snarling vortex of teeth, wings, claws and talons. As you watch, two of the owls fall, swatted out of the air by the dancing dragon, which seems to be gaining the upper hand. You watch helpless as the battle unfolds, then, responding to an echoing cry from below, the dragon disengages, displacing the owls with a beat of its wings and diving low, into the clouds. You see that it is hurt - one of its eyes nearly closed and multiple deep gouges into its scales - before it disappears from view. \
\
Waldor \'93they won\'92t be gone long - whatever happened on that mountain seemed to spook em! Want me to follow or should we pick up the others?\'94 He also barks some orders to the crew, who begin shoving cargo against the rope railings and lashing them down with ropes and nails to create some rudimentary cover. \
\
VERY IMPORTANT - THIS IS A SHORT REST\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Haydn
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Weapon:\
\
Magical club, +7 to hit, 1d10 + 3 magical damage\
\
HP 57 : AC 14\
\
STR: 14, DEX: 12, WIS: 22, CON: 13, CHA: 12, INT: 10\
\
How Haydn fights:\
\
If he is fighting all of the PCs, he will cast Meld into stone as soon as possible, sinking into a wall or the floor to avoid them. If he is knocked to below 20hp, he will transform into an adult song dragon and fight as that thereafter. \
\
Reinforcements arrive by air (the wyrmlings flying) shortly after they are summoned. Haydn will emerge from stone form at this time to fight. \
\
Remember he has mass healing spells.\
Remember the lair actions on initiative 20.\
\
Hayden shouts at the PCs as he fights, tears streaking his face\
\
\'93Why? Why are you doing this to us\'94\
\'93Why must you ruin everything\'94\
\'93Is there no escape from the brutality?\'94\
\'93Leave us in peace\'94\
\'93This colony is my life\'92s work!\'94\
\
His spells are:\
\
4 level one, 3 level two, 3 level three, 3 level four, 1 level five\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Final fight
\b0 \ulnone  \
\
I don\'92t think they\'92ll let us out of here so easily - here they come!\
\
Full crew + ship vs Haydn, in the air. The Breath itself has hit points per area - 75 for the balloon, damage resistance of 8, and 200 for the hull, damage resistance of 15. Haydn will crash into the ship to damage it, and will need to be damaged for 20hp to be forced away. When at half HP he lands heavily on the ship and fights directly. Remember his legendary actions - but avoid having him throw anyone over the side. \
\
REMEMBER THAT HAYDN WILL CONTINUE TO SHOUT AT THE PCS DURING COMBAT. HE IS INCENSED BY THE DEATH OF HIS FLOCK AND FIGHTS TO PROTECT THEM\
\
The final blow is dealt to Haydn and he roars in anguish. As you yank your weapon free, he attempts to rise up to strike a killing blow, but his strength has left him, and even as he raises his claws his standing leg gives way, and he slumps to the deck. The life seems to seep from him in ebbs and flows, his knees buckle, he slumps to one side, and his once iridescent scales seem almost to dim. Weakly, he raises his head, and you can see his neck muscles working, trying desperately to sustain him. Unable to even muster one final burst of energy, his head bows and with his last breath, he shoves himself sideways, crashing through the railings of the Breath and over the side, falling to his death below, followed swiftly by his remaining disciples. You rush to the sides of the ship, but see the unthinkable - Haydn rising back towards you, apparently resurgent. Panicked, you grip your weapon tightly, but as the dragon draws closer you see that he is in fact dead - some other force must be carrying him! \
\
The clouds part, and in awe you gaze upon the ethereal form of a dragon so large it dwarfs Haydn and the Breath. Speechless, you recognise Bahamut, the Dragon God, Lord of the North Wind. A mouth the size of a galleon opens, blasting a roiling cloud of energy in your direction as the dragon\'92s eyes narrow with rage, focussing on the Breath. As the breath hits the rocks of the floating isles, they begin to disintegrate, the chunks being blown towards the Breath at high speed. Instinctively, you and the crew hit the deck, jamming yourselves against whatever makeshift cover you can fine as rocks whistle overhead. Some of them punch through, throwing splinters as sharp as needles across the deck, and you hear a disconcerting thwap and a rush of air as the balloon above you is punctured. A clang from below indicates that the engines have taken a hit too, but just as you start to wonder how much the ship can take the barrage slows and stops. Trembling, you raise your head over the parapet and see Bahamut regarding you with distaste. Behind him, the floating islands are all but gone.\
\
\'93YOU HAVE SLAIN AN ENTIRE COLONY OF INNOCENTS, THEIR ONLY CRIME, SECESSION FROM THE PETTY HATRED OF THE EMPIRE. A BETRAYAL OF YOUR KIN, AND AN ACT OF AGGRESSION AGAINST MY FOLLOWERS. THE WORLD RISKS IMPLOSION, YET STILL YOU SLAUGHTER.I CANNOT ALLOW THIS TRANSGRESSION TO STAND. ON BEHALF OF THE PANTHEON, YOU ARE SENTENCED TO DIE.\'94\
\
Bahamut raises an almighty claw, swinging it towards the Breath. The claw is so large it seems to move sluggishly, though you have no doubt of its unstoppable power. The sky darkens as Bahamut looms, blocking the sun, seeming to absorb it\'92s light and grow stronger still. As the claw approaches you have time to take in Bahamut\'92s legendary scales - said to be stronger than platinum - as they glint in the remaining sunlight. You close your eyes, resigned to your fate, and the irresistible blow about to land upon you.\
\
[pause]\
\
A blow which never comes. \
\
Opening one eye, you see a vision wreathed in light standing on the deck, facing away from you. A woman, lustrous red hair draped about her shoulders, dressed in a simple white dress, one hand raised to stop the fall of Bahamut\'92s claws. Looking past her, you see the dragon god\'92s face contort in a snarl before he removes his arm, spinning away from the ship and fading into nothing. Haydn\'92s body slips away beneath the clouds once more. \
\
Sune turns back to Kratos and addresses him directly, her eyes flashing with rage. \'93You bring dishonour to your congregation, Heartwarder.\'94 The words strike Kratos as if he were slapped, and fixed with Sune\'92s glare he recoils, slumping back onto the deck. The light fades, and Sune is gone. You struggle to your feet, looking at each other and the crew, wide-eyed. \
\
Waldor breaks the silence: \'93Would somebody mind telling me what in the Nine Hells just happened?\'94\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}