{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13980\viewh14860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Recap\
Damage to ship\
Shattered construct\
Encounters from last session\
Plan?\
XP\
\
\
There\'92s a tense atmosphere on the Breath of Sune. You are heading north over the Shimmering Sea, heading for the fabled floating islands off the coast of the Nordlands. Everyone is sitting at different points of the ship, and there is an uneasy silence. The two remaining crew members, Huey and Duey, are entwined in the rigging at the top of the balloon, looking out over the world, Huey occasionally shooting a foul look at any of the party within his eyeline. Duey still looks nervous, and occasionally whispers something to Huey, only to be cowed again by a glare from his brother. \
\
Waldor is back on his feet, standing tall on the captain\'92s deck and occasionally twitching the ship\'92s wheel to correct your course, his other hand holding a compass. At some point he replaced his old cigar with a fresh one. \
\
Mundungus is downstairs, trying to sit a respectful distance away from Thia as she sleeps, but the engine room isn\'92t massive so he\'92s not making a great job of it. \
\
Tethir sits at the stern of the ship in his makeshift nest of fabric, resting one arm on his charmed direwolf. Licky hasn\'92t moved, and is standing 10 feet or so away, eyes locked on the intruder. \
\
[other PCs]\
\
As the day progresses, Waldor shouts to Mundungus to kill the engines. Huey and Duey head downstairs, and carefully pick up Katie\'92s body, shrouded in fabric, and carry it to the top deck. Mundungus joins them, and he and the two brothers place Katie\'92s body gently on the side of the ship. \
\
\'93Katie came to me with her brothers two years ago, runaways from the tragedy that befell their family. I took them in, raised them, and with Akadi\'92s blessing trained them as sky sailors. We say that the hour of death cannot be forecast, but when we say this we imagine that hour in an obscure and distant future. It never occurs to us that it has any connection with the day already begun, or that death could arrive that same morning. \
\
Go with Akadi now, Katie. As you were born from the sky, so do we consecrate you to it once more.\'94\
\
The brothers step forward, Huey stony-faced, Duey trying and failing not to cry. They lean over Katie\'92s body and whisper some parting words, before pinning what look like written prayers to her shroud. Once they are finished, Waldor lifts the body, steps to the edge of the ship and nods to Mundungus. The gnome fiddles with a device that he also attaches to the shroud, before Waldor releases the body over the side of the ship. You follow the body as it falls, only to see a rudimentary parachute slow its fall. As it descends gently, the shroud ignites, burning cleanly with a white flame, the ashes holding for a second before buffeting on the wind. \
\
As the body disappears into ash, the brothers and Waldor shake hands before Waldor strides back to the captain\'92s deck, Mundungus following him, looking awkward. The boys stay where they are, staring over the side of the ship. \
\
[PCs]\
\
Waldor, catching sight of Curtis, beckons you over with a wave. \
\
\'93We have a problem. Given recent events, the boys aren\'92t overly enamoured with the idea of travelling with you any longer. Given our deal, we\'92ll take you to Altdorf after we see if these islands exist, but there we need to part ways. What exactly is your plan once you get there anyways? And what are we planning on doing with that\'85 thing downstairs?\'94\
\
[PCs]\
\
The Breath heads onwards through the sky, bludgeoning its way through the air with it\'92s battered prow. After some time, one of the brothers shouts from his vantage point above the balloon - land spotted!\
\
The air is cold up here, and the late afternoon sun so bright you shield your eyes as you look in the direction he is pointing. Emerging from behind a thin cloud bank is a sight unlike any you have ever seen before. A series of craggy islands, smaller rocks surrounding a larger, central hub, all floating completely unsupported in the sky. Even from this distance, you can see a glorious waterfall cascading from the larger hub island, falling away from the edge before misting in the breeze. The mist casts a beautiful rainbow, which falls away into the sea of clouds far below. You estimate the bigger island must be at least a mile across, with an large mountainous spire rising from the centre.\
\
A thump of giant wings startles you, and a huge shadow passes over the deck of the Breath, and you feel like you can hear faint music, but whenever you try and concentrate on the notes, you are unable to do so.  Looking up, you gaze in awe upon a creature you recognise from folklore and fairytales. A dragon! It is slimmer than you were expecting, more streamlined, and its massive wings beating as it overtakes the ship. It\'92s scales are iridescent, shimmering blue and green, and it\'92s long neck cranes as it eyes up the Breath with intelligent, beady eyes. Unsatisfied, it banks around for a second pass, and for a moment you are nervous as you can see the muscles work in its powerful neck and the light glint off its claws, each one as long as Flask is tall. It passes closer to the ship this time, and as you gaze at it you are hit with an overwhelming sense of fear. \
\
[Frightful presence checks - all who see it DC16 WIS or be frightened for 1 minute]\
\
Having seemingly decided the Breath is not a threat, the dragon flies onward, past the island and out of sight. \
\
[PCs]\
\
As you continue to approach the rock, you can see, against all probability, that there seems to be some sort of settlement nestled at the base of the central mountain, with structures extending right the way to the edge of the island. However, there don\'92t appear to be any sort of jetties or piers for landing craft, which you find unusual. The island itself is incredibly beautiful, and seems to be an idyllic forest. \
\
\'93You going down there?\'94 Waldor shouts.\
\
[PCs]\
\
Waldor notices a flatter-looking rock a little further \'91offshore\'92 - \'93I\'92ll drop you off and then moor the Breath over here. Looks to be a few trees we can use to make some repairs. When you want us, send up the same signal as before\'94.\
\
The town:\
\
As you approach the village you walk through raised farm plots; large wooden frames, full of soil, with crops sown into them. You cross a wooden bridge, well-made, which crosses a river of clear, fast-flowing water, flowing away from you towards the edge of the island. You assume this is at least one of the tributaries to the waterfalls you saw previously. Occasionally you see a young farm worker, who looks at you with surprise and curiosity as you walk down a well-trodden road towards the mountain at the centre. One younger-looking girl darts off down the road ahead of you. Road? That\'92s right - to your amazement the streets, such as they are, seem to be cobbled here. \
\
Before long, four women carrying quarterstaffs approach. One of them slings her quarterstaff around her back and moves her hands weirdly, muttering to herself. A glow emanates from her hands for a second, and she glances furtively up at you. She whispers something to her colleague, who speaks directly to you. \'93Greetings, travellers\'94, she says. \'93We ask that you accompany us. We will escort you to speak with the Mother. Please leave your weapons in their sheaths\'94. The women are wearing robes of a mixture of blue-green dye, with simple leather pauldrons as their only form of armour. Their quarterstaffs seem to be carved from the wood of the forest around you. \
\
Any questions met with a smile and \'93Mother will explain all\'94.\
\
[PCs]\
\
As you approach the centre of the village you can see that it is about 15 dwelling-places, made of both wood and stone, clustered around a spring rising from the ground. The houses are mixture of one- and two-storey dwellings, with some open to the elements. Amazed, you can see a stonemason, a blacksmith, and several stalls that seem to have a selection of fruits and vegetables (although you do not recognise them all).\
\
As you come within sight of the centre of the village you are overcome with a sense of peace and tranquility. You feel incredibly at home, and wonder if it might be an idea to settle here on a more permanent basis. You can hear notes of music wafting over the gentle breeze, although as you look around you cannot see anyone playing an instrument. Staccato birdsong and the tinkling of the river are the backdrop for your walk.\
\
A slightly taller woman sits on a bench at the centre of the village, her bare feet crossed and tapping idly. She also wears blue-green robes, and has long silver hair, tied up in a sort of plait. As you look around, you notice that most of the village\'92s inhabitants have gathered in the square and are watching you with interest. \
\
Perception DC 19 - you notice in particular that the eyes of the watchers flit towards your weapons and armour more than normal.\
\
\'93My greetings to you, outsiders. I am Aerie, the Mother of these beautiful beings. You are welcome in our village for as long as you please - we only ask that you respect our forest and do not take more than you replace.\'94 She raises her voice for the benefit of the onlookers \'93Please sisters - our working day is hardly complete. Back to your tasks!\'94 She smiles at you and walks away with two of the robed guards,  \
\
Discussions with citizens:\
\
Mountain is where the Father lives\
\
They have always been here, they have no reason to leave\
Must have been born here.\
Have had visitors before, cannot recall what happened to them\
Guards exist precisely BECAUSE they have had visitors before, but the Father looks after them\
They cannot hear the singing, although if you observe them closely they move in time to the rhythm of the music\
They have no need of men and are perplexed by the question\
Drinks of tree sap and water - the tree sap is actually slightly hallucinogenic so PCs will begin to see the world VERY vividly if they partake, and the music becomes almost visible\
\
\
Village amenities:\
\
Blacksmith - a woman! One of her pauldrons is made of roughly-beaten copper and she has a few items for barter. She knows nothing about Kratos dagger.\
Stonemason - PCs probably have no use for this, but if they want some carved stones then sure\
Fruit/veg stalls - can barter for additional rations etc\
\
Houses:\
\
A mixture of one and two story, with walls a mix of stone and wood planks. A new house is under construction on the outskirts of the village, with half-finished rooms still open to the air. \
If searched, there are specifically no musical instruments. There are however a variety of boxes which hold gems, silver, and the occasional trinket. These are not locked, or particularly well hidden. If they enter a house that is occupied, they are welcomed by the inhabitant, who will offer them some form of drink. In addition, every house as at least one sheaf of sheet music. If taken and compared, PCs note that the notes on the staves are identical - all of these pieces seem to be for the same music. \
\
A search of Aerie\'92s dwelling (presumably after she leaves it) turn up a musical cipher, a wooden wheel which, when the right note is selected shows a carved letter in Common in a small window. \
\
Treble: Father sits atop the mountain\
Bass: His mighty wings shelter us all\
\
\
Encounters:\
\
As you travel, Waldor suddenly pulls himself upright, muttering. He calls to Mudungus for more power, and brings the Breath higher, closer to the clouds. Leaning over the side, he grabs his monocular and points it downward at about a 45 degree angle, towards the sea that shimmers below you. \
\
\'93Two aircraft down there\'94 he grunts, passing the monocular to whoever is nearest. \'93Small things. Maybe 6-10 seats on each?\'94 \
\
Even through the monocular, the ships are small and difficult to track. When you do manage to spy them, they seem sleek and streamlined, with sharp prows covered in some sort of metal. They\'92re much thinner than the Breath, more like barges than galleons. You count between 6 and 10 bodies on each, as Waldor suggested. The occasional glint of sunlight on metal suggests that the bodies are armed. The ships are clearly allied in some way, and are moving as a team, banking and turning gracefully together. \
\
\'93Smaller balloons like that, they won\'92t be able to come so high. We keep up in the clouds, I doubt they\'92ll be able to spot us.\'94 He muses. \'93Mm. The formation looks military to me. I hadn\'92t heard anything about Weimar using smaller ships. Must be new.\'94}