{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17220\viewh14240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Questions re: sheets\
HP and items\
Cash\
XP\
\
Flask\'92s powers - Speak with Dead, BUT Known to Baator. Celestials see you as a Fiend, and are likely to attack you on sight. \
\
Recap last session - just barely survived escaping Devil\'92s peninsula. Vosker do\'92Seren caused the island to explode, although Thia (and partially Curtis) were able to siphon energy from it to power the energy crystal powering the ship\'92s engine. \
\
What of Kratos\'92 mount?\
\
As the Breath surges into the air away from Devil\'92s Peninsula, you look back in awe. The sea is draining into a massive sinkhole left by the explosion, but even as you watch the water reclaims the hole with an audible thwack of wave on wave. Waldor levels the ship and lashes the wheel to stay on a flat course, before stumbling backwards and slumping to the floor, his back resting against the rail of the captains deck. He is white faced and pale, trembling. \
\
There are however more pressing issues. Snarling and barking, along with worried shouts, echo from what is left of the lower deck. Heading downstairs, you see the once-tame direwolf you dragged onto the ship backed into a corner by Huey and Dewey, whilst Licky paces behind them, teeth exposed as he snarls at the intruder. The crewmen have armed themselves with torches and are waving them in the direction of the wolf, but don\'92t seem particularly keen on getting any closer. They are between the wolf and the covered inner section of the ship where Katie lies ashen-faced. The dire wolf is cornered, and looks extremely volatile. \'93What IS this thing?!\'94 Huey yells.\
\
Mundungus is caring for Thia, she is curled on the floor next to the engine, which is thrumming merrily, the propeller spinning away, driving the ship onwards. Mundungus has thrown an oilskein over Thia to keep off the rain blowing through the ship, but even as you watch it begins to dissipate, giving way to fresh blue skies. Maybe the explosion blew even the clouds away? You don\'92t know. \
\
[PCs]\
\
What happened to Katie: the ship was attacked by drow scouts. The crew had to fight them off as best they could with crossbows and knives, Waldor sniping from the upper deck and the crew holding the gangplank in the dark. Katie was hit by an arrow and badly wounded - they\'92ve stabilised her as best they can but they don\'92t know what else to do. \
\
Once the direwolf is dealt with maybe Huey grabs Kratos and shoves him back - \'93Heartwarder of the ship you said! You said Sune would keep us safe!\'94 He spits on the ground, feet set and shoulders squared, glaring at Kratos with hatred. \'93You left us to die!\'94. Dewey hovers around behind, looking nervous.\
\
[PCs]\
\
Encounters:\
\
One of the PCs finds one of the cubes you pulled from Ira Campbell\'92s corpse wedged into a corner of the deck. The cubes are made of burnished copper, and seem to be deeply layered, as if parts can slide around each other. Looking closely, you can see cogs, gears and pipes all packed in next to each other, packed so tight that you cannot see from one side of the cube to another.\
\
Whoever picks the cube up accidentally causes it to activate. \
\
The box starts to writhe in your hands with a faint, rhythmic clicking sound. You throw it to the deck, and watch aghast as legs start to emerge from the box, metal tubes extending from each other to form a complex lattice of five legs, three arms holding what look like spears. The box itself compresses; additional plates slide out from within and form an inverted pyramid, the arms and legs sliding into place on the outside of the construction. You wonder how so much material could have been contained in those tiny cubes, and conclude that either these things are extremely spindly, or there is some arcane magic at work. Finally, on each face of the pyramid a disturbingly human eye flicks open, a piercing gaze searching for targets. The eyes assess each of you in turn, but the construct takes no further action, standing to attention on the deck, legs flexing as the deck sways. \
\
[PCs]\
\
Waldor asks where they are headed next, and what the plan is when they get there.\
\
[PCs]\
\
Describe direction of travel, time of day, wind in hair and the sound of the balloon creaking in the wind. The crew busy themselves with keeping the ship running. Huey takes himself up the balloon, working on fixing one of the larger holes. \
\
Mundungus is amazed by how well the ship is running with the energy from Thia. He has the power levels at around half what they would normally be, but they are still making good speed. \
\
Huey is keeping away from the PCs, up the balloon fixing some of the tears. \
\
Duey is going about his work nervously, and he keeps casting glances at everyone to see how they react.\
\
Waldor is looking a little better up on the top deck. He has a bandage wrapped around his head now and is perched on a box that he seems to have roughly nailed to the deck. \
\
Encounters:\
\
As you travel, Waldor suddenly pulls himself upright, muttering. He calls to Mudungus for more power, and brings the Breath higher, closer to the clouds. Leaning over the side, he grabs his monocular and points it downward at about a 45 degree angle, towards the sea that shimmers below you. \
\
\'93Two aircraft down there\'94 he grunts, passing the monocular to whoever is nearest. \'93Small things. Maybe 6-10 seats on each?\'94 \
\
Even through the monocular, the ships are small and difficult to track. When you do manage to spy them, they seem sleek and streamlined, with sharp prows covered in some sort of metal. They\'92re much thinner than the Breath, more like barges than galleons. You count between 6 and 10 bodies on each, as Waldor suggested. The occasional glint of sunlight on metal suggests that the bodies are armed. The ships are clearly allied in some way, and are moving as a team, banking and turning gracefully together. \
\
\'93Smaller balloons like that, they won\'92t be able to come so high. We keep up in the clouds, I doubt they\'92ll be able to spot us.\'94 He muses. \'93Mm. The formation looks military to me. I hadn\'92t heard anything about Weimar using smaller ships. Must be new.\'94\
\
[PCs]\
\
Second encounter - a party of elves, two of them riding Giant Owls and a third riding a griffon, a powerful beast with the front half of an eagle and the back half of a lion. They are lightly armoured, and armed with longbows. They appear to be high elves, which would make sense with the mounts. \
\
The elf mounted on the griffon has a golden sheen to his armour - he seems to outrank the others. They fly as outriders to him, one on either side. They have seen you, and approach the side of the ship without the flamethrowers with caution. \
\
\'91Ho there, travellers!\'92 Calls the leader. \'91We can see you are armed, but you bear no insignia. What is your faction?\'92 The two other elves rise in their seats to standing positions, arrows nocked in their bows, but the strings loose. \
\
[PCs]\
}