{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17820\viewh14860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Recap - floating islands North of Devil\'92s Peninsula. \
Colony of young women, wearing blue-green robes. Everyone in the colony seems to work for the good of the colony, taking no more than they give.\
Managed to make their way up a ventilation shaft in a mine - found a large living area at the top.\
Played music (including non-existent notes) for miners - they seemed to become slow and sluggish when they heard it. \
\
Features of room:\
Very large, hollowed out, tapestries on the walls and rugs on the floor. A nice bed and seating area. A silver tea set. A bookcase with an interesting book about the schism of the elves, and some books written in a draconic cipher. A very solidly locked chest that defied all of your attempts to move or unlock it. \
\
Met the Father, Haydn the Protector. He spoke about how the colony came to be, being chased out of the Nordlands by the guards of house Holic. He looks after all the people here.\
\
In exchange for killing your direwolf, which he perceived as a threat to the colony, he gave you his prized possession, a Pipe of Remembrance.\
\
He is a druid, potentially more powerful than Tethir. He wore grey robes, but with the same blue-green eyes as the robes of the colonists. He kept one hand covered in his robe as much as possible, but when he was obliged to remove it, you noticed a thin silver chain wrapped around his wrist, which ran back up his arm. He is proud of his colony and what they have achieved. He answered the majority of your questions and asked you what your quest was. At some point he had enough and directed you to leave via a hidden staircase. That is where you are now, at the base of the stairs, which opened out into a disguised doorway in a glade at the base of the mountain. \
\
Ask PCs what plan is. If they ask about downtime it is available. \
\
Something has been bothering Flask - he threw his coin into the spring in the centre of the colony as it bubbled along merrily, but as you watched it sink into the depths you don\'92t remember seeing it touch the bottom. You\'92re not sure why, but you feel like this has something to do with your wish coming true.\
\
Hoard is hidden in a chamber deep within the mountain. It is accessed either by: swimming down the emergence of the spring, or by opening the locked box in Haydn\'92s chambers. The key is on a chain around Haydn\'92s wrist. \
\
Making strength checks to swim against the current or be carried backwards. PCs can hold breath for 1+CON modifier. The water is cold and the current fights hard to push you back towards the spring. You can feel the rough walls of the underwater channel brushing against your body, and you hope that the passage gets no thinner or you\'92ll get stuck! Ferns and other underwater plants brush against your stomach as you drag your way along.\
\
You emerge from the channel into a wider pool. You swim desperately in a direction you think is upwards, and gulp in the stagnant air as your head breaks the surface. It is quite dark in here, but some sort of gently luminous algae floats on the surface of the water and runs up the walls in thin tendrils. Looking around you see that this chamber is around 30 feet high, and as wide. Water bubbles out of cracks in the wall, presumably running down from higher up. Given the direction you believe you were swimming in, you think you must be below or near the mountain. There is a passage in the western wall which looks big enough for you to crawl through. \
\
As you crawl, you note that the harsh rock passageway is sloping upwards. You gain tens of nicks and cuts on your elbows, knees, and any other exposed skin as you scrape against the rough rocks. \
\
Four puzzles:\
\
You come to another roughly-hewn room, obviously created by some sort of sentient being due to the torch holders lining the walls, and an overturned brazier that sits in one corner. All of the torches or coals have long-since turned to dust, and there is a thick layer of rock dust covering the entire room. At one end is a thick wooden door set into the wall, massive rusty hinges holding it shut. 8 levers are spaced about 5 feet apart, four on either side of the doorframe.\
\
Opening the door, you head up a rough corridor that nevertheless seems to have been laid with flagstones. Cobwebs cover the ceiling here. There are a couple of turns left and right, and a few steps that confirm that you are still heading upwards. After a short time, you reach another doorway. \
\
This room is also dark, but is far more ornately laid out than the last. It must be 50ft by 50ft. On the floor are marble flagstones, and on most is a rune that you recognise as dwarfish. Some of the flags have been destroyed or otherwise crumbled away to dust however, and one in particular is missing from the floor in front of you. If you look closely, you notice that there is a sizeable pit beneath the hole, which you cannot see the bottom of. Oddly, several of the runes have been daubed with red paint, or some sort of red pigment, showing a clear path to a door set into the wall at the far end of the room. The door in fact, is not locked, and stepping on the wrong part of the floor does nothing.\
\
After leaving this room you trudge up a long, straight staircase, climbing higher into the rock. You determine you must be inside the mountain - nothing else on the island is this high. \
\
Through another crumbling archway is a lush field of night flowers, silver wheat and fruit bushes. The room isn\'92t wide, but is is long, maybe 30ft by 100 or so. There is no obvious exit. On a low stone pedestal at the centre is a statue of a cute bunny rabbit. Eating any of the fruit gives a psychedelic hallucination. Looking closely at the bunny, it wiggles its nose at your in a friendly fashion, then leaps off to a corner of the room, where there is a deep warren carved out of the rock. The bunny waits for you to follow, then hops off down the warren before disappearing. If you look down the hole, you see what looks like a button set against the rock at the far end. Pushing the button causes the illusion of the night garden to liquify and run away through a grate in the floor, and a door becomes visible at the far end. \
\
Panting after trudging up yet another stairway, you arrive at a simple wooden door. Door is not locked, but sticks as you try to open it. You barge it open, knocking over a statue placed the other side, which smashes loudly on the marble floor. You have stepped out into a well lit chasm inlaid with white marble and gold leaf. This space is vast, and is clearly a vault of some kind. Piles of gold pieces and gems are strewn about the floor, stacked high in the corners, and there are four display cabinets set into the floor, and you appear to have entered via the back door - you are behind a row of thick copper bars that separate the inner part of the vault from a sort of antechamber in front of it. Looking through the bars, you see a shaft leading upwards, which seems to house some sort of ladder. A copper door is set into the middle of the bars, presumably the normal way to access the vault. The display cabinets are made of polished wood with the items held in delicate copper holders. You notice similarities to the pipe holder Haydn showed you earlier. \
\
Four magical items:\
\
Staff of the Adder\
Winged Boots\
Mithral Armour\
A mimic, which has taken the form of a large claymore with a gold-silver sheen to the blade\
\
Mimic will jump whoever touches the claymore first. Be sure to describe the amount of noise being made, gold pieces and gems getting kicked around the room and skittering across the floor.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Fight with Haydn
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Weapon:\
\
Magical club, +7 to hit, 1d10 + 3 magical damage\
\
HP 57 : AC 14\
\
STR: 14, DEX: 12, WIS: 20, CON: 13, CHA: 12, INT: 10\
\
How Haydn fights:\
\
His eyes glow with anger and he spits a command in druidic, throwing his hands out to the side. Tethir recognises the phrase: \'91Fetch them\'92, and a flight of starlings that was nesting nearby takes off, flitting into the distance.\
If he is fighting all of the PCs, he will cast Meld into stone as soon as possible, sinking into a wall or the floor to avoid them. If he is knocked to below 20hp, he will transform into an adult song dragon and fight as that thereafter. \
\
Reinforcements arrive by air (the wyrmlings flying) shortly after they are summoned. Haydn will emerge from stone form at this time to fight. \
\
Remember he has mass healing spells.\
Remember the lair actions on initiative 20.\
\
The song dragons sing songs of battle as they fight in human form, and even if they are transformed you still hear them call melodically to each other. Haydn shouts at the player characters as a human, getting increasingly upset with them as they kill his kin. Tears streak his face as he fights. Even if transformed, the dragon bellows in wounded rage as it attacks, and can still address the PCs. \
\
\'93Why must you ruin everything\'94\
\'93Is there no escape from the brutality?\'94\
\'93Leave us in peace\'94\
\'93This colony is my life\'92s work!\'94\
\
His spells are:\
\
Druidcraft\
Resistance\
Thunderwave\
Faerie Fire\
Entangle\
Purify food and drink\
Lesser Restoration\
Spike Growth\
Hold person\
Call lightning\
Meld into stone\
Wind wall\
Ice storm\
Stoneskin\
Wall of fire\
Mass cure wounds\
}